
* Writer’s note – Originally published 2006 in Dark Fire Fiction. I am the author and own the story rights.
“It’s time I told you about loss, boy.”
We sat, my Pa and I, beneath the old great willow that marked the end of our property and the beginning of God’s country. It had been a glorious day. The midafternoon sun had chased away the rain clouds, bringing spring’s balmy touch to an otherwise inclement week. My Pa had met the morning with our fishing rods and tackle, as if knowing the day’s meteorological outcome beforehand, and together we headed for the lake, splashing through the mud puddles like two boys who didn’t have a care in the world.
“Are you listening to me, son?”
But the day had slipped by (as all days must) and I knew the night would regenerate the cold. The smooth bark of the willow I was sitting against suddenly felt too hard, digging into my back as if it was trying to push me into the lake. The shadows from our fishing rods had changed position, and I felt a chill as the willow branches swayed in the breeze.
My Pa was staring at me; I could feel his eyes, but I couldn’t look at him, not with that strange remark hanging in the air between us. Instead, I glanced over to the water and the fish we had caught this morning. Six largemouths were hooked to the chain stringer, mostly tranquil, but occasionally one would fight for position and send the others into a swishing frenzy. I wondered if the familiarity of the water soothed them, or did they actually know they were being held captive and destined for the fire?
I heard the striking of a match and smelled the exhaled smoke from my Pa’s cigarette. The story was coming… whether I wanted it or not.
“Yes, Pa?” I said timidly, still not looking at him. A lone shad swam by, searching for food along the bank. One of the bass made a grab for it despite the chain in its gill.
“A terrible loss, son,” my father began, “is something you can never forget. Some people will tell ya’ otherwise, but those people either are fools, or they be people who’s never lost anything that ever had any meaning to ’em. Now your auntie Vera knows loss, though you never could’a known it ’cause she’s always walking around with that smilin’ apple pie face—bless her sweet heart, but what happened to your uncle Jarvis is tearing her up inside.”
My uncle Jarvis had been killed on the Mekong, another statistic of the Vietnam war. His body had been railed in from Council Bluffs, and was now buried at Cedar Hill Memorial along with two other boys who had given their lives for our great country. After the funeral, Vera had stayed with us for a few days, helping my Pa with the chores and baking and cleaning house just like my Ma used to do. I understood Pa’s statement—auntie Vera had looked like the happiest woman alive when she was with us—but I also understood about death (as much as any 10 year old could understand) and I had seen Vera crying on my pa’s shoulder while they listened to the taped messages my uncle sent home before the grenade fragment had taken his life. My father still listened to those tapes, and on one occasion I had spied on him while he sat drunk and weeping, listening to my uncle talk about how much he missed his family.
“I understand,” I said, believing I knew the procession of my father’s thoughts.
“No, son,” Pa said slowly. “I don’t think you do.”
And then I did look at him—though my heart told me not to—and what I discovered was a stranger who had cast off all apparel of parental congeniality. The stranger was wearing my father’s checkered flannel shirt—the coffee stains much in evidence in spite of the constant washings—but the fabric clung to skin that seemed hardened by doubt, by decisions that had blasted away the carefree naivete of youth. The balding pate was the same, twin wisps of graying hair flattened back over the ears, but this forehead was crossed with tight lines, their engravement enhanced by his furrowed brow. The smoke from his cigarette obscured his face, weaving a filmy cobweb where only his eyes could find purchase. They locked me in their gaze, hard and unblinking blue orbs which knew neither respite nor forgiveness.
“Because loss is something you can’t understand,” the stranger said. Then he gave me a gentle smile; a smile my pa might have given me if the day had remained unchanged. “It hurts too much. It burrows down into your insides like a worm, gobbling up everything you are, until all that’s left is the loss.”
I nodded my head, secretly hoping something would grab my hook: another bass, a bluegill, a mermaid, I didn’t care what, as long as it freed me from the stranger’s spell.
“It’s like you get a new puppy for your birthday,” the stranger continued, and I cringed as my fear began to follow his words. “And it’s just a scrawny thing, no bigger than your hand, but you’re overjoyed just the same ’cause the puppy takes a liking to you, and you to it, and right away you know you belong to each other.”
The stranger paused in his recital. For a brief moment I thought I could see the Day’s father peering from underneath. “That’s a special feeling, son. A good feeling – knowing something so intimately you feel it belongs to ya’.
“After a while you start to love that puppy: you love the way he plucks food from your hand; you love how he twirls around in circles, chasing his tail and yapping all to high heaven; and you be deciding that he’s just the best damn thing since long underwear on a blizzard night. You name him—he belongs to you now—and he becomes another part of your life, like he’s been there from the beginning.
“But there’s other things, too, that have been with you since the beginning; other appetites fighting for your attention: your need for learning and your needs for maturity; your desires for play; the innocence we all have that scoffs at responsibility and the necessities of everyday life.
“Time passes; the years roll by like boxcars in a train; and you get older, the puppy becomes a dog, and the world becomes a bigger place as you discover it has more to offer a boy than just his own backyard and the friendship of a pet.
“Finally, one day, you grow tired of the dog’s company. I won’t say bored—that’s like saying you get bored of those stories you’re always writing, and I know that ain’t the truth—but you do put your pencil down sometimes, to go off and do other things. But you always go back to your stories. You don’t actually give ’em up for dead, right? You just get tired of the same old rigmarole, so your mind starts a’wandering, and you take off in pursuit of other fancies.”
The stranger’s voice dropped a tone. Images of my own dog, Rufus, were spinning in my head, and I found myself leaning forward to hear the rest of his words:
“What you don’t stop to consider is that dog of yours gets tired, too. And if you ain’t around, he’s gonna wander off on his own, maybe into unfamiliar territory—some place where you can’t protect him. He might get lost, or—and I know this ain’t something any child should have to go through—but… but he could even get hit by a truck, or caught in one of those muskrat traps the Haskal brothers have been putting out.”
There it was: as blunt as a poor man’s gravestone. In that moment of final revelation, the day lost its glitter, fading from a father-son affair full of camaraderie and mutual passion to a sugarcoated tragedy. Rufus had been missing for a week now, his food bowl untouched, the mornings undisturbed by his barking as he hailed me off to school. But today’s warmth had dismissed all thoughts of his absence. I tried to call up a picture of him in my mind… and failed. Even the memories eluded me. Something else pervaded on my thoughts, and I remembered the muskrat traps, those steel jaws spaced around the lake like the fangs of devils that had invaded paradise. The grown-up-bud inside me (something alien and as yet just a seedling) earnestly hoped he hadn’t suffered.
The child prevailed, though, as my hands balled up into fists and covered my eyes to join my tears in blocking out the world. I was dimly aware of the stranger watching my reaction. I hated him at that moment. I wanted him to go away, to pack up his tale of woe and return to whatever terrible place he’d come from. But I knew he would not go away until I asked the question neither one of us wanted to hear:
“Rufus is dead, isn’t he?”
Silence followed my question; even the breeze was still. I felt lost. Alone. With the exception of the fecal worm smell wafting from my fingers, my senses were dulled, as if I was enclosed in a vacuum.
The reply stunned me back into awareness: “No, son, he’s not.”
I pulled my hands away from my eyes, daring to hope. The stranger was gone, replaced by my Pa, his form outlined by the light of the descending sun, and I noticed for the first time how old he’d become, not only in his physical appearance (the crow’s feet and wrinkles were a gradual process of age, and I accepted this), but also in the manner in which he resolved himself, as if he was comprised of words and experiences that said: “Here is what I am; a vessel of years and nothing more.” Faced with this utter absoluteness, a spark of wisdom ignited inside me, and I caught a brief glimpse of what it truly must mean to be alone. I became ashamed of my tears, knowing my Pa had lost so much more than me when my mother passed away.
“My dog’s dead, ain’t he?” I said concedingly, feeling like a boy who had unexpectedly stumbled upon his manhood. “I can take it, Pa, you know I can. I’ve been thinking about ma, and how—”
“He ain’t dead, and I don’t want you fretting about it,” Pa interrupted.
“Then why—”
“Why’d I tell you a story like that one? ‘Cause I thought it was time, son,” Pa said flatly, and I heard the truth in his words—or, at least, the truth he wanted me to hear. “First, I ain’t too old to know when a boy is speaking from his guts ‘stead his heart, and I appreciate that, but the gut don’t always speak the truth, and that can lead to trouble later on. I’ve been thinking about your Ma, too. Ain’t a day goes by that I don’t. I try to remember all the good times we had, but for some reason all I can think about is how powerless I was to stop the pneumonia from taking her away. Sometimes I think I should’ve done something else to save her, but that’s my gut talking, ’cause I know in my heart there ain’t nothin’, boy, nothin’ I could’a done. And that’s the worst feeling in the world.”
Pa put another cigarette to his lips, and closed his eyes. I remained silent, afraid to speak and shatter his confession.
“Powerless,” Pa repeated. He shook his head violently, as if he was battling some inner turmoil. A vacant emotion slithered across his face, a thing that had nothing to do with the midafternoon sun or the glorious day it produced. “That’s loss, son. That’s true loss, when something happens and all you can do is stand there and wish it hadn’t. I’d do anything—anything at all—to protect you from that terrible feeling.”
Twilight enfolded us. The crickets in the brush began their nightly chirping, seeming to invoke the dark as they sang to their mates. It was still too cold for mosquitoes, but I felt as if they were already buzzing around my head, trying to force me to seek cover. The catch of the day were fading into shadow, reclaimed by the murky lake. The glorious day was escaping, and I ventured a question, hoping to reinstate its glamour before it vanished completely:
“Is Ma in Heaven?”
The answer drifted from the darkness: “No.”
No? That simple statement shocked me more than anything else my father had said. We were never churchgoing, not even when my Ma was alive, but I liked to think there was something out there—heaven or not—where the dead could go to find peace. “But Pastor Simmons says there’s a heaven,” I said, “and when we die we go there if we’ve been good.”
“Let me tell you something about preacher Simmons, boy.” (And my father sort of sounded like a preacher himself as he spoke to me.) “He’s a dreamer. Mark my words, son—he ain’t going nowhere, and neither are we. Simmons is like those Commies they got runnin’ all over Asia right now; the ones who killed your uncle Jarvis. Now they talk a big tale, talk on about changing the world and such, but they’re just the same—just dreamers. And dreamers ain’t nobody lessen they be asleep.”
He started reeling in our lines then, and I figured we were done for the day, that we would pack up and head home to clean the fish, but Pa had other ideas. He tied larger sinkers to the end of each line along with another leader, baited the hooks, and recast. The weights sailed through the gloom, making nearly inaudible plopping sounds as they broke the surface of the water. Pa lit the lantern and placed it beside me. “I want you to keep fishin’ for awhile,” he told me. And then, as if in answer to the question he knew I was going to ask, Pa said: “Do as you’re told, boy. Those fish’ll keep, and I got some repair work to do for Mr. Campton before the ‘morrow. If you catch anything—and I think you might if you got the patience to keep your pole in the water—string ’em with the others. Take my word for it, those bass won’t mind.”
Presently, he turned and strode away, my thoughts following his footsteps. Pa’s repair work—everything from overhauling tractor engines to fixing the Gurney twins’ bicycles—was our meat and potatoes, and I guess I should have felt lucky with having a father who worked at home, but it took up so much of his time, and I had no desire to join him in his mechanical tinkering. Besides, Pa’s work shed (along with the local tavern and the chicken farm run by girls out on Route 1) was one of those places that were off limits to me and my friends, and I respected his wishes. I knew it was his private place, like the stories I dream up are my private places, and I believed (and still do) that everyone should have a hideaway they can call their own.
The lake had once been one of those special hiding places, before the farmers on the east side sold their land, paving the way for the city’s extension and the intrusion of out-of-state businessmen whose ideals of privacy differed from us country folk. The war had put a halt to their invasion, but I knew it was only temporary. They’d be back, rending the earth with their machines that smelled like sulfur and belched black smoke into the air, destroying another hideaway. Perhaps this was why my father insisted I continue fishing; to enjoy the moment while it remained. Time was a fleeting thing, and the good times were fleeter still, slipping away to progress and death alike without so much as a considerate good-bye. I think he knew—as I knew—that time was definitely not on our side.
But time was all I had as I sat alone in the dark with only the bass and the echoes of my father’s story to keep me company. The feeble glare from the lantern did little to illuminate the jollity that had set with the sun. In fact, it seemed not to be illuminating anything at all, but rather allying itself with the night, and everything the night hid, compressing me into myself and forcing me to look inward at secrets I never knew existed. It was a time for self-analysis, and I realized I had never completely accepted my mother’s death, that a small part of me was always searching for signs of her presence. If she wasn’t in Heaven (as my father professed) then where was she? It wasn’t fair she had been reduced to photographs and hazy memories. It wasn’t right that I would have to spend the rest of my life without her. Selfish thoughts, I know, but I was also thinking of my father’s interests, and I’d come to the conclusion my Pa was wrong when he stated that the helplessness of loss was the most terrible thing in the world.
How the survivors responded to that loss was far more terrible.
Suddenly, the end of my pole started to bend, and I leapt out of my reverie, grateful for the distraction. So intent was I upon the catch, that I didn’t notice my father coming up behind me.
“Yeah, I thought they might be biting tonight,” he said, nearly startling me into dropping my pole. “Fight it, boy, fight it!” my Pa hollered, laughing as I strained against the weight. “That’s the morrow’s dinner, so don’t let it get away.”
My little arms went rigid with tension. My father ignored my cries for help, sipping at his flask, chuckling as I gasped and pulled and finally brought the catfish to shore. He tousled my hair and beamed at me as I unhooked the cat and displayed it with triumph.
“Ten pounds, Pa,” I said, beaming back at him. “Ten pounds at least.”
Pa took the fish, weighed it with his hands like all the true fishermen seem to do, and nodded in agreement.
Using chicken liver and patience we caught three more cats, though none as large as that first one, until Pa finished off his flask and started to yawn. It was the signal for our departure. “We’d best be getting home, son. I don’t want your Ma to have—”
Pa caught himself then and turned away, exhaling his whisky breath in a mournful sigh. The night hid his face, but I’m sure he was crying—or doing his best not to cry. I stumbled over words of reassurance, but fell short of the comfort I wanted to confer. There was no use denying the obvious. He still loved her—just as I loved her.
But when he turned back to me his face was dry, and I was pleased because I did not want this night to be spoiled as the day had been. We headed back to the house, Pa letting me carry the fish as if they were some sort of trophy, but he stopped me at the door.
“Mind your feet, boy. I don’t want you tracking mud all over the kitchen floor,” Pa said. He slipped his own boots off with a practiced skill I could not duplicate, and I was left on the stoop, fumbling with my own bootlaces.
And then I heard what I’d been longing to hear for the past week: the sound of Rufus’ barking. I called his name, steadying myself for the inevitable charge that would send me sprawling to the ground under a barrage of fur and wet dog licks, but the reunion never came. The barking continued, however, and I noticed how weak it sounded, as if Rufus’ voice was coming from the squawk box and being transmitted from far away. Fearing that my dog had been hurt after all, I tore off my boots and rushed into the kitchen.
My words of greeting never carried any further than my throat. Rufus was standing in the kitchen corner, next to the stove—just standing there. His tail lay limply against his hind leg, stiff and devoid of the wagging joy I had expected. His eyes were open, but empty of activity. Barren and glazed, they stared from above a blood-caked snout at surroundings without meaning.
“Rufus,” I muttered, taking a step toward him, my hands shaking uncontrollably, my mind reeling from the morbidity of the situation. I reached out to touch him and encountered the cold steel of the chicken wire that was spiraling up his legs and around his neck, supporting his broken body in an upright position. Tufts of his matted hair protruded from between the netting, brushing against my fingers with all the warmth of a terminal disease. Searching for a heartbeat, scanning madly for some sign of life, I bent down to peer into his face and saw my helplessness reflected in his dead eyes.
The barking sounds abruptly stopped, and my Pa picked up the tape recorder, carrying it into the parlor and sweeping past me without a word. I followed him to the entranceway, unable to speak, as he substituted the tape for another and placed the recorder on top of the book rack adjacent to the sewing chair. My mother’s sewing chair.
“C’mon, son, and give your ma a kiss before you go to bed,” Pa told me. He pressed the play button, all the while staring at me with an eager anticipation.
The significance of my father’s words became clear as my sight fell on the mass of tangled hair poking obtrusively over the back of the chair. A feeble shriek escaped my lips; the sound of a mouse caught in a trap. I backpedaled toward the kitchen, my sight fixed on my Pa as he leaned over and whispered a tender intimacy into the ear of that thing sitting before him. But I should have been watching where I was going. As I turned to flee, I ran into the motionless slab that was once my best friend, my hands flailing but too slow to stop my fall. Lying in a heap, my dog’s inanimate body beneath me, I struggled for breath and escape.
My father stood over me, scowling. “Let’s go, son,” he said harshly. He held a cleaver in his hand, pointing it at my face, its honed edge a warning against disobedience. “It’s getting late, and your Ma needs her rest. You can play with Rufus tomorrow.”
He strode past me, and began to align the fish on the cutting board.
“Hey, there, little man. I hope you and your pa had a fun day,” a voice said, and it was my mother’s voice, distant and autonomic, but carrying the same undertones of mirth I had stored in my memory. It made no difference that her speech was coming from the past. It alleviated my fear just the same, creating the wholesome image of my mother as she was before her death, tugging at my heart, and, before I knew what I was doing, I was shambling back toward the parlor.
Behind me, I heard the condemning whack of the cleaver as a fish head was severed.
“Go on, boy,” Pa said to my back when I hesitated at the threshold. My sight had restored my common sense. Whatever was sitting in that chair was definitely not my mother. “I don’t need no help cleaning these fish.”
Whack. The cleaver took off a tail.
As I dragged myself forward, I closed my eyes, sealing myself in darkness, attempting to hide myself from the horror that was waiting for me.
Whack. Another fish lost its head.
My Ma’s voice continued to call me: “Okay, I love you too. A kiss and then it’s off to bed.”
I tried to recall the setup of the parlor as my feet nudged me further into the room. I clenched my eyes even tighter, reaching out to my right to grasp the divan, using the edge of the cushion and the singsong messages of yesteryear to guide me—
“Mrs. Appleton tells me your studies are going well. I’m so proud of you. She says you’re her brightest student.”
A smell assaulted me as I drew closer, an odor like rotting cabbage in a storm cellar, and I imagined (for the sake of my sanity) that it was coming from the fish, although I knew that no fresh fish, live or dead, could emit a stench like that.
Whack.
Groping blindly, I stumbled into my destination, reaching out to anchor my balance. My eyelids inadvertently cracked open, and I pulled my hand back in disgust when I saw that the greasy support I was clutching was the back of the corpse’s skull. I quickly resealed my eyes, but not before I saw the skeletal claw gripping at the armrest, my mother’s wedding band hanging loosely from one bony digit.
The recorder—still continuing to spout nonsense: moments from Christmasses and birthdays past—was deafened by my father’s shout: “Soon as you give your Ma a kiss, I want you in the bath. Those chicken livers will stink you up for days if you don’t wash ’em off now.”
Giving in; knowing it was the only way to end this distasteful nightmare; I bent down and planted a kiss on what I assumed was my mother’s cheek. Something small and furry scurried across my lips, and I slapped it away as I drew back. My mouth filling with bile, I turned away and forced my eyes open.
Pa was standing at the parlor entrance, the slime-covered cleaver dangling from his hand. “All right, upstairs with you now.”
As I hurried up the stairs, I could hear my Ma calling to me: “I’ll be up later to tuck you in.”
* * * * *
I scrubbed. I scrubbed and brushed until I thought my hands and teeth were going to fall off. But it didn’t do any good. I can still feel that dank perversion pressing against my skin. I can still taste the stale decay in my mouth. And I can still hear my Pa, downstairs, speaking to that thing in the chair. Occasionally, I can hear my ma answer him.
Rufus is up here with me. Pa decided it was all right if he slept in my room tonight. I don’t mind. I need a friend right now more than anything, and although Rufus’ cold stare continues to disturb me, I know he means me no harm. He’s just scared, that’s all. And I’m sure he’ll come around.
Won’t you, boy?
He has to, because he’s coming with me. I’ve got my bags packed and, as soon as I’ve finished writing today’s events in my journal, I’m going to do what every kid has thought of doing at least once in his childhood: I’m going to run away from my… my family.
C’mon, Rufus. C’mon, Rufus.
I’m going now; I have to. I keep imagining tomorrow’s events: sitting captive at the dinner-table, eating fish, listening to the past, sitting next to it in the full light of day. I have to get out of here, because if I don’t I’m going to die. And if I die I don’t know where I’m going to end up.
Credit To – madinverse
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Reading a couple stories here, and something that happened to me came to mind.
You ever have moments that you blip out completely? As if your brain can bother to remember something only so often, so it’s shoved into the depths of your memory? But something always seems to unleash it.
I’d forgotten the house on 12 Dahlia Road, in the little town of Mary Esther, Florida.
Though, “forgotten” isn’t altogether the right word here, because the truth is, I’d never really forget.
The things I’m about to tell you are completely true, in which even my family can attest to. Not one to be fictitious or exaggerating, I will tell you this story in its entirety. Names and places, however, have been changed to protect those that have witnessed it.
My husband passed away when I’d been pregnant with my daughter. On his way home from work one evening, he’d been T-boned by a drunk driver and had slid peacefully into a coma while on site. He’d simply never woken up.
During my mourning, I’d stayed with my parents until our daughter, Callie, was born.
She was, I want to say, nine months old when I’d been feeding her breakfast in the small kitchen one morning.
Her high chair was wedged between the table and the wall as best I could manage while still allowing room for movement in the little dining area.
My father hadn’t been able to squeeze through the gap and, I guess, that had been the snapping point.
“Lori,” he sighed, setting his coffee mug on the table heavily. Coffee sloshed over the rim and stained the table’s scratched and marred surface. “Katherine,” my mom,” and I have been talking for a while now, and we’d like to give you the other house.”
A little backstory here; when I’d been eleven, we’d moved shortly after my grandfather had passed, and into my grandmother’s house two cities over. My father had felt she needed someone to look after her in her age, and we hadn’t bothered to sell the other house.
Instead, we’d rent it out and save the extra money for emergencies. Occasionally, we’d lent it to children of friends, or a college graduate transitioning from school to the real world.
It was slightly damaged from over the years, but it was my childhood home. I was more than happy to raise my daughter in the house that had shaped me as a child.
It wasn’t as if I didn’t enjoy my family or didn’t love them enough. The memories I had after Kevin’s death were full of warm comfort and patience.
My parents were wonderful, and had made a point to make sure I never felt as if I inconvenienced them in anyway.
Looking back on it, I think they were a little sad I was taking their only daughter and granddaughter from their home, but they also understood my need for independence again. I needed my own home, my own space. Something in which I could carve out “MINE!” in the world, in big, bold letters.
And the house in Mary Esther seemed like a perfect opportunity.
It had taken almost a week to ready the house just to move in. Luckily, friends, family, and neighbors seemed to crawl out of the woodwork to help.
They’d installed a new garage door, a working dishwasher, helped fix the leaky roof. They’d even repaired the damages a previous tenant’s dog had wrecked.
The dog must’ve been a massive thing because it had broken a sliding glass bathtub door, shredded through cabinets, and taken huge chunks out of the hallway’s carpet.
In the end, we couldn’t save the floor and ripped it out. We’d placed down linoleum tile that looked like faux wood flooring, but much cheaper.
The linen closet at the end of the hall had been left unscathed, so the carpet in there remained. It poked out a little along the bottom of the door, but it was tolerable.
I wasn’t about to complain, after all. Everybody had put in so much effort to make me right at home; a little fluff under a door was the last thing I was going to gripe about.
I was thankful.
It was a Monday evening when I’d finally gotten settled into my new home. I had taken putting everything where it belonged on pause, so that I could give Callie a bath in the new tub.
We hadn’t had a tub in my grandmother’s home. The house had been fashioned around someone handicapped, so we’d had the big, bulky shower stalls.
In the new house, though, we had a big tub in the hall bathroom and Callie was more than excited to check it out.
Covered in bubbles of lavender-scented baby shampoo, she giggled and played until she was all tuckered out.
I realized I’d accidentally put up all the towels instead of leaving a handful in the bathroom for drying, and let Callie sit in the little remaining water as I went to the linen closet at the end of the hall.
It was only a short ten paces away, at most.
It had been the linen closet when I’d been a child and my mother had taken to putting the excess sheets, towels, and linens along wooden shelves that lined the interior of the spacious room. Having recently acquired the house, I took up the same habit.
Comforted by the familiarity of my childhood home, its familiar smell, I listened to Callie splash and play in the last few drops of water as I stopped short in the hallway.
It was the first time I actually noticed the doorknob. It wasn’t just a smooth, gold knob like the other closets in the hall, or even the bedroom doors, for that matter.
A turn-style lock on the doorknob, on the outside. It didn’t sit well with me.
Had someone been locking someone/something in the linen closet?
Maybe it was the dog that destroyed the house, I thought to myself. Maybe it got out of hand occasionally and they’d locked it in the spacious closet?
It was odd that the door would have a lock on the outside, and I made a mental note to change it.
What had the previous renters been doing here?
What if Callie locked herself in the closet by accident? She was autistic and would panic horribly. It would take hours for her to calm down if that happened.
I swaddled her in the oversized towel, which hung over her feet and pooled on the floor in heavy, maroon shades. Her blonde hair spiked all over her head in all directions and she giggled as I dried and tickled her mercilessly.
Afterwards, I slid her into her Hello Kitty footed pajamas and tucked her into her crib.
I hated that crib, to tell you the truth. It was massive, and being a small woman of only five feet in height, it was a real pain to get her in and out of the thing. It felt as if my abdomen was bruising every time I leaned over the wooden rails to pick her up.
I sat in the large rocking chair my grandmother had given to me as a housewarming present and read her the tale of The Last Basselope.
It was a book my father had read to me almost every night, in that very room, in that very chair.
Truthfully, I was a little homesick. I missed my folks, but more so, I missed Kevin horribly, wishing that he could see us more then than anything else.
I missed his smell, the texture of his clothes, the feel of his breath. It shattered my heart just to think of him.
He’d never even gotten a chance to see Callie, or read to her, or touch her face. He’d never gotten a chance to watch her first steps, hear her first words, or help her on the bus on the first day of school. All because some stupid kid had decided he’d been okay to drink and drive.
I was crying quietly by the time she’d fallen asleep.
Sniffling softly, I placed the book on the chair and headed to the bathroom, leaving her door opened a crack so I could hear her better. Her soft snores floated after me.
Leaving her room, the linen closet was directly on the left; the dead center of the end of the hallway.
That damn lock, I kept thinking. It just does not make sense. Who would put it there? Was it a temp fix for a broken knob, maybe? Why not just switch it out with one of the plain bedroom knobs then?
I dampened the corner of Callie’s bath towel and dabbed my eyes. I hung it over the shower rail and blew my nose in a handful of tissue paper.
No more tears, I told myself. It’s a new start, a new beginning.
The lights in the bathroom flickered briefly, which wasn’t exactly abnormal.
We lived rather close to the Air Force base, so the practiced bombings occasionally caused electrical interference.
Off in the distance, I remember, I could even faintly hear it. The heavy OOMPH noise that sounded like heavy fireworks in the distance.
I settled into the living room, keeping an ear open for the baby as I began to read in the quiet of the new house.
At first, I didn’t notice the sound. A new house, it’s bound to have some random ticks.
The steadily cracking along the top of the walls, a small scraping sound.
I muttered in disgust, “Great,” as I slid the bookmark into a page and set the novel down.
My first thought was, “There’s some kind of animal in the crawl space.”
From the way the scratching, scraping bounced up and down the wall suddenly, I assumed it was a squirrel.
It ran from floor to ceiling, a sound like scurrying and bobbing. Small claws rattled against the wooden posts of the inner wall and sheetrock lining.
I followed the noise, trying to track where it could possibly be.
It went along the top of the living room wall, down the corner, back up the cold air return in the mouth of the hall, and around the top of the door frame of the bathroom.
“Oh, it’s going to wake up Callie,” I grumbled, getting royally pissed off suddenly.
She’d already had a traumatic day with moving and all the people. The last thing she needed was to wake up and have a meltdown.
Like I said, she’s autistic and absolutely hated anything that wrecked with her routine.
Messing with sleep time definitely wrecked her routine.
A heavy thump and something that sounded like a slide, and I’d decided I’ve just about had enough!
I darted in my room, across the hall from Callie’s room, and next to that damn closet, and snatched the phone receiver off its charging base.
I punched in my father’s cellphone number instantly and listened to the ringing.
In the spanse of time it took him to answer, the thing in the crawl space had maneuvered to the ceiling right outside my bedroom door.
“Lori, are you okay?” was the first thing he asked, bless his heart.
“Yeah,” I reassured him instantly, feeling more than a little guilty and foolish for calling so abruptly. “It’s just that there’s something moving around in the crawlspace beneath the attic in the house.”
After a short pause, he laughed in his usual warm, grumbly way and said, “It’s probably a ‘possum or squirrel.”
I agreed with him. “True, but I don’t know who to call about it and I’m afraid it’ll wake up the baby.”
A few grumbling noises and the slam of a pickup truck’s tailgate later, he began, “I can head out in the morning-”
But my mother interrupted him. “Is that Lori? Does she need something?” her voice had begun to go a bit nervous around the edges and raising. “We can be over there in fifteen minutes, honey!”
“It’s just a rodent problem,” he tried to tell her, but being my mom, that was the worst thing he could’ve told her.
“A rodent problem? Dammit, Allen,” she’d gone into full raging by then. “Get the truck loaded up. Our grandbaby doesn’t need that crap!”
The scraping had intensified by then, and slithered around the wall in the corner of my room.
“Is that it?” Dad asked, hearing the sound over the phone.
“Yeah,” I answered, smacking the wall in an attempt to frighten and quiet the wretched thing.
It didn’t work.
Instead, it became more agitated and scraped with frantic claws that sounded as if they were the size of butcher knives.
“Jesus,” he muttered. “Katherine,” to my mother, he shouted, “get the shovel from beside the garage while I get the keys.” To me, “Don’t aggravate it. It might have rabies.”
Hell, I hadn’t even thought about that until then.
“Can it get in the actual house?” I asked, worry for my child seeping into my heart.
I darted across the hall and peeked into her room, but she was still fast asleep in the big crib, with her princess nightlight shining over her.
“Block off the cold air return and the closet,” he informed me. “If it’s in the crawl space, it might be able to get to the ventilation fan in the utility closet.”
A new set of worries plagued me as he promised to be there in no less than fifteen minutes, and if anything else happened, to call his cellphone right away.
I closed the door to Callie’s room as a precaution and kicked into gear as I slid the phone into my back pocket.
While the creature scraped and bounced down the walls, I somehow moved the small recliner in the living room down the linoleum floor of the hall, and positioned it in front of the cold air return below the utility closet. I’d successfully blocked both with one piece of furniture.
Feeling rather proud of myself, I sat in the chair for a moment and waited on Mom and Dad.
Silence abruptly filled the hall. The scuttling drained away as if it had never been.
It was so unnerving, the hairs on the back of my neck raised as gooseflesh marched up and down my arms, climbed my cheeks.
It hadn’t been silent for almost an hour. Nothing but constant scraping, slithering, bouncing, and scratching.
I’d have preferred the movement to the unsettling, deafening quiet. With her bedroom closed, I didn’t even have Callie’s light snore to drown it out.
I sat in that hall, in that chair, and listened to the sound of my own pulse rushing through my ears for I don’t know how long.
Each rhythmic rush of blood seemed louder than the last.
I tried to lick my suddenly dry lips but found my tongue had been equally devoid of moisture. I tried to swallow the lump in my throat.
My thoughts raced. Had it gotten hurt or maybe stuck? Maybe it had found an escape and I was wasting my parents’ time?
I felt like a fool sitting there, with my chair wedged against the wall, waiting for my heartbeat to slow.
But then something shoved the chair from behind and I was moved a good half-foot. Too scared to even scream, I shoved the chair back just as hard.
The only thought, I can honestly say, that filled my head at that precise moment, was of my baby.
Callie was in that house, with that creature that was shoving against my chair, shoving against my back. My baby was in possible mortal danger.
My heart soared as I went into some kind of protective overdrive.
I jumped up and whirled, shoving with all my might to slam that chair right back into that damn wall.
No creature on Earth was going to burst into my home and threaten me and my child!
The utility door tried to open once more, rocking the chair forward before I kicked it shut again.
Scraping, scratching, a kind of odd hiss, and it was back into the ceiling. It scrambled faster now, and I scrambled just as fast after it.
It darted down the hall, bouncing between the door frames of the guest room, the bathroom, my bedroom, Callie’s, before starting all over again.
I was going to kill the thing with my own hands at this point! Let it come down the utility closet. I was going to strangle it to death for doing this crap to me!
Squirrel, ‘possum, rat, whatever. It was dead, I tell you.
My pulse was pounding on the back of my tongue so hard, I could almost taste it.
I’d grabbed the broom from the bathroom and wielded it like a sword as I waited for the creature to seek purchase somewhere.
Hell, at that point, I’d probably slam the broom handle through the ceiling to kill that little devil.
I was snarling, stark-raving mad, trying to keep as quiet as possible. I felt as if I had become an overprotective mama bear and I needed blood to calm down.
Something shifted and the scrapings changed. It went into the ceiling space in the linen closet.
I was so enraged, I nearly ripped the doorknob off the door to open it, but before I could, what sounded as if boards, wooden boards, were being rendered and ripped from inside.
I stopped, the onslaught of fury in me feeding to near panic. It felt as if the fight had gone right out of me, replaced solely with horrifying, chilling terror.
It hadn’t sounded big enough to do that much damage. It hadn’t sounded like it had fingers or teeth that could yank the ceiling right out of the little room.
A heavy thump and a slithery shift before what I could only imagine sounded of heavy towels and sheets falling to the ground within the linen closet.
The growl that crawled from under the door sent shivers up my spine and arms.
Broom in hand, I was preparing to slaughter it while my heart was wedged in my throat and I wondered, for the first time, if I’d actually survive it.
It sounded like a dog. I know that sounds crazy, but it sounded like a dog pacing in the confines of the linen closet and fear, cold and real, iced my body from the inside out.
The doorknob grabbed my attention, and I swear to you, it started to turn.
That lock, that damn lock, and I clicked it home.
The creature howled, livid beyond all belief, and slammed into the door bodily, heavily.
The thick wood physically shook in the frame.
Phone retrieved from my back pocket, I frantically called my father as tears filled my eyes. I honestly did not expect to survive the otherworldly creature I’d locked in my linen closet.
How could I protect my baby if I was dead? I was almost crying.
He answered on the third ring, the sound of my mother laughing in the background.
“Where are you?” I demanded before he had a chance to say hello, my voice watery with unshed tears of horror and fear. I was full-out panicking on how to survive this thing long enough to see to the safety of my child.
“A couple blocks, what’s wrong?” his voice full of worry and concern. I could hear
the traffic moving around them, the flow of shifting tires, honking horns. The sounds of the city, my city.
“It’s some kind of dog,” I told him, all but actually crying now.
The doorknob shifted restlessly before it finally gave up, as if it had hoped to somehow break the lock.
“That’s impossible,” my father informed me, scoffing. “It might sound big in the little space-”
“I’m not making this up!” I hollered, and the door shivered under another onslaught again.
“Holy hell,” he whispered in my phone as the noise carried. To my mother, “Get the shotgun from behind the seat and load it.” To me, “Get Callie and get out of the house, we’ll take care of it. We’re almost there. At a red light right now, but we’re almost there.”
I don’t know if he was comforting me or him at that point.
I watched in horror as the carpet beneath the door moved as if something was yanking heavily on it. As if they were taking big handfuls and pulling.
Not wasting anymore time with that, I flung open the door to the baby’s room, threw the phone to the floor, and slapped the wall switch until brilliant light flooded the room.
She was still resting on her back, one tiny little fist clutched to her pale cheek as her fluffy blonde tufts angled out in every direction.
I wrapped her delicately, calmly in the pink little blanket and draped myself over the crib so that I had enough leverage to pull her out. My abdomen screamed in protest as the bars of the crib pushed into my middle.
The entire time, the creature in the closet was digging, digging at the carpet under the door. It pulled the fabric back far enough, I could see the glue to the floor.
Holding her to my chest, and bouncing her ever so gently, comfortingly, as she nuzzled into me, moodily waking up, I stepped as softly as possible out of her room as to not wake her further.
As I neared the end of the hall it howled, and I was too afraid to look back, too scared to look over my shoulder and double check that the linen closet’s door was still holding.
Instead, I all but crashed into the front door and ran into the driveway in time to see the spill of headlights illuminate my street.
My dad pulled up in his red Ford F150, shotgun clamped tightly in his hand as I rushed to the flinging open door of the cab.
“Are you okay?” my mother was already demanding as she jumped out of her side of the truck to run to me.
Dad was pulling the shovel from the back of the truck and moving it to the front porch as he glanced inside the screen door.
I assumed he meant to kill and bury the thing with the tools, and never once questioned it.
“It’s in the linen closet,” I told him, tears of relief streaming down my face as I clutched to my mom all but sobbing.
“Oh, baby,” she said, and held me close as she shifted Callie from my shoulder to hers. “Go help your father, I’ve got her.”
I kissed both their cheeks, tucked Callie’s little pajama-covered foot back in the pink blanket, and got to the porch.
I took the shovel from its resting place against the brick and stood with Dad beside the door.
He cocked his head, ear pressed to the door and listened. After a moment, he asked, “Is that it?”
After a pause, I could hear it, too.
It was a guttural, low growl, almost too quiet to have heard.
I couldn’t manage an answer. My voice felt dried and hollow in my throat, unable to force its way through my cold lips. I managed a weak nod, eyes wide and scared.
Switching off the safety, he opened the screen door and stepped inside. I mustered courage and followed him, shovel in hand.
The house went quiet and still as we moved through the living room.
He peeked into the den and kitchen for a moment before asking me to move the chair in the hall.
I propped the shovel and managed to shove the recliner to the side, giving him enough room.
He flung open the utility closet first, and studied the little room in the hall lighting.
A muttered obscenity and I realized what he’s swearing at as I grappled the shovel with numb fingers.
Claw marks, deep and wide, riddled the thick, wooden door and the sheetrock lining the room.
There was at least hundreds of them, gashing wide into the wall, around the backing of the AC unit, and down the door.
Chills ran rampant up and down my arms and face as he slowly closed the door and turned to the linen closet.
The lock, that damned lock, was twisted and free.
 Had it gotten out?
We agreed he’d aim the gun and I’d open the door in the end.
With me to his right, my breath came in labored puffs, my pulse raced through my veins and pounded into my ears until I thought I might faint.
I grasped the cold, gold doorknob and twisted, resisting the urge to squeeze my eyes shut against the nightmare.
Yanking the door with all my might sent me crashing into Callie’s bedroom door frame.
My dad was as still as a tomb as he stood there. His eyes shifted from all over the linen closet, to me, back to the closet.
I peeked around the edge of the door and stared at the chaos as the shovel dropped from my loose, cold fingers.
Towels, sheets, pillow covers were littering the floor, covered in thick tufts of loose carpet.
Claw marks, matching the utility closet, riddled the walls and doors. The doorknob appeared to display a set of teeth marks.
The ceiling, however, was perfectly intact.
We spent the better part of half an hour tearing through shredded towels, hefting shelves, throwing sheets, but could not find a single hole into the room.
We searched the whole house, gun and shovel in hand, prepared to mutilate any living thing we found, but came up empty.
My mother helped me pack Callie’s things, some clothes, necessities, and we took their truck back to their home, forgoing my little mini-van in the driveway, as my fingers were still too number to drive.
The next day, I packed up as fast as I’d settled in, and, with Callie on my hip, we shoved the For Sale sign home into the dirt of the front yard.
I never spent another night in the home of my childhood.
Credit To – ilothopskaty
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

As astronomers began to dig deeper into the cosmos, a puzzling question arose. In a universe as vast and ancient as our own, why can’t we find any signs of other intelligent life? We have already discovered a number of Earth-like planets, and it’s estimated that there are thousands if not millions of planets throughout the galaxy that could support life as we know it. Presumably, at least a few would give rise to advanced alien civilizations, and we should be able to detect such civilizations by listening for radio signals that are too complex and organized to be of natural origin. After all, anyone within 100 light-years of the sun could detect us through the broadcasts emanating from Earth, so why couldn’t it work the other way around?
Yet whenever we listen for these signals, we only hear silence. There is nothing. Nothing but the chaotic emissions of pulsars, gamma ray bursters, and other natural sources.
Scientists refer to this as the Fermi Paradox. Given the seeming statistical certainty there being alien civilizations, why can’t we find any? Why do we seem to be so special? It wouldn’t be a matter of signals fading over distance – we can detect the faint glow of galaxies millions of light-years away that have long since ceased to exist. There have been a number of proposed explanations. Maybe Earth truly is unique after all. Maybe aliens don’t use radio waves.
However, some scientists fear a different possibility. Perhaps advanced civilizations invariably destroy themselves before being able to broadcast for any meaningful amount of time. It could be nuclear war, or it could be an environmental catastrophe. Whatever it is, this theory speculates, within a couple short centuries of becoming advanced enough to harness radio waves, intelligent life is doomed to obliterate itself. The window of time during which it could send – and receive –  radio broadcasts is but a blink of the eye on a cosmic timeframe, and if the signals arrived at the world of another intelligent species, it would likely be too early, or too late.
If this is true, humanity is simply another iteration in an infinite cycle of doomed civilizations that repeats itself all across the cosmos. Despite all our achievements and accomplishments, we will all die a painful collective death, perhaps within our lifetime. And just as we are unaware of our alien predecessors on distant worlds, future intelligent life on a system but 20 light years away will never know we even existed. Who knows? We tried sending targeted broadcasts to various star clusters, but perhaps others did the same. We’ve tried securing a form of symbolic immortality by sending probes carrying our life story into interstellar space, but perhaps the universe is littered with such mementos to dead races, all launched in the same, vain hope of being remembered by the cosmos. Why would we be so special?
Of course, this proposal could be false. There is no real scientific evidence either way. It is all an intellectual parlor game for astronomers, right? Perhaps. But the next time you read about climate change, the next time you learn about how close we have come to the brink of nuclear war at times, the next time you hear about an emerging crisis with North Korea or Iran…
 Look up at the stars, and remember the Fermi Paradox…
Credit To – W. H. Lane
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The knocking sound had been coming and going in my engine, and I had a feeling that my Nissan Stanza was about to die. In the back of my mind was a tiny voice screaming that it was over sixty miles to the next town and I would never make it. My fiancee, Nichole, had always been on my case about how I never checked or changed the oil. Easy for her to remember; her dad was a mechanic and made her do that stuff on her own. My folks had always checked it for me. Nichole stopped checking in on my car for me soon after we got moved in together and said she wanted to teach me to have some responsibility. I guess I was going to be getting my first lesson. I looked at my cell phone; no service. It had been that way for half an hour. So much for my service providers promise of a nationwide network.
I made a deal with my car.
“If you get me to Gloucester, I promise I’ll check your oil every week and fill up your tank with the expensive stuff.”
The Stanza seemed to be in cahoots with Nichole, because the engine spluttered, and I found myself slowing down.
“Thanks a lot you piece of shit.”
I parked on the side of the road and looked around. I was pretty much surrounded by the woods, but I knew that I was close to the coast, and there was bound to be a house or two by the beach. Sure, it was well into autumn, but maybe a few summer residents would still be hanging around, or better yet, an all year dweller. I’m one of a handful of location scouts, hired to find the perfect place to shoot for all sorts of films. We often do the legal work as well, negotiating to get permission to film for certain lengths of time. The assignment for me had been to find a forest with lots of gnarled looking pine trees but plenty of natural light. This had quite naturally led me to New England, and my current predicament. I grabbed the backpack that I had packed for my trip out from the trunk and dumped all my dirty clothes into the backseat. I replaced them with a map of the area, my water bottle, and the four granola bars that were supposed to keep me from eating my own hand before I got to my motel.
As an afterthought, I changed from my ratty driving shoes to my good sneakers. If I had a hike in front of me I wanted to be comfortable. I was in pretty good shape before I went to college, and I had since let myself go a bit, but I was still fit enough for a jog every now and then. I wasn’t worried about how long I would have to walk, my chief concern was the reaming I would get from the studio if I were to be running late.
There had been a brackish smell in the air as soon as I stepped out of my car and I could hear the faint sound of gulls, so I knew the general direction to go if I wanted to reach the sea. With every step I thought I could hear Nichole’s voice echoing her favorite insult over and over:
“Jake, you effed up. Jake, you effed up. Jake, you effed up.” Not the most pleasant beat for walking.
The trees eventually gave way to hills and a few small beaches. To my relief there was also a scenic looking little ocean village. I didn’t remember it on the map. Houses speckled the area behind the beach, and I could see a school and some businesses near the waterfront. I felt that there was something weird about the place, and I quickly realized that it was the lack of human noise which disturbed me. I noted that there were no cars driving the road that led to the village, nor were there people hanging around outside or in their yards. Still, it was Saturday afternoon; maybe they were all just eating lunch. I decided to investigate and headed up the beach.
I noticed a small child on the beach right away; the only apparent sign of human life. His back was to me and he was slightly hunched over. His hair seemed to be growing out from a summer buzz cut and he couldn’t have been more than five years of age. Worried that he might be hurt, I ran over to him.
“Hey kiddo, are you all right?”
The child turned to me and smiled. Caught in his teeth were small red globs and slender white bones. A scale glittered from his lower lip. I looked down and saw that he was holding a half eaten fish. From the smell I suspected that it had been dead for at least a few hours. A couple of insects crawled over the flesh.
“Do you want some?” The boy lifted the fish toward me. An assortment of guts slid out and fell onto my sneaker. I jerked back reflexively, and the boy looked offended.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t eat raw fish, and neither should you.” I said firmly. Where the hell were his parents?
“He was a present left by the sea monsters.” The little boy said.
“What?”
“The sea monsters left him behind. They found better food here. The white clouds come in and go away, but they always stay longer and longer to hunt.”
“It sounds like you’re making up a story so that you don’t get in trouble. Where are your mom and dad?” I was getting impatient.
The boy pointed to the waves that were crashing on the beach.
“They went in there.” He said.
“Okay…” I didn’t know how to respond. The kid was obviously having fun with me. “How about you show me where you live? I’d like to ask your parents if I can use their phone.”
“The phones don’t work anymore.” The boy said. Then he froze, his eyes wide. I turned and tried to figure out what he was staring at, but all I saw was a thick mist, rolling slowly in from the ocean.
“What’s the matter?” I asked.
The boy had started to shake. He dropped his fish, and I barely caught what he said next.
“They’re coming.”
Before I knew what was happening the boy had started running toward the village. I considered pursuing him, but he looked pretty freaked out. I didn’t think his parents would be very excited about their kid talking to a strange man on the beach anyway.
I continued on toward the houses. There were some fishing boats by the docks and I immediately noticed a man standing in one of them. His back was to me and he appeared to be leaning against the mast. I laughed, relieved that I would finally be able to ask to use someone’s phone, and made my way down the dock toward the fishing vessel.
I stopped short as soon as I came abreast of the boat. My eyes teared up and I started retching.
The man was not leaning against the mast but bound to it with heavy rope. His mouth hung open in a silent scream and his eyes were completely gone. I guessed that birds had been to work on him because there were strips of flesh missing from his face and neck. Over all of this was a faint buzzing sound as flies swarmed the body. One of his legs was missing completely, the other had been taken off unevenly below the knee. His arms were still attached, but they were also discolored and covered in wounds. It looked almost as though they had been chewed on and sawed at simultaneously.
There was another body lying face down in the boat. It was clad in a police officer’s uniform and seemed to be in equally unpleasant shape. I didn’t want to look at it, considering what the other man had looked like, but the officer’s hand was close to me, and I saw that it was swarming with maggots. I felt my stomach twist and lurch as it struggled again to keep my breakfast from escaping.
There was something very wrong in this village.
I turned away and ran as fast as I could back toward the houses. I picked one at random, no longer worried about disturbing the people inside. It was clear to me that there were probably no live people here, except for that one strange little boy. I would have to go look for him – but first I needed a phone. I had to call Nichole. Or the police. Both. I needed to call both.
The front door of the house was locked, and the windows all looked like they had wood nailed over the inside, but the back porch had a sliding glass door that wasn’t boarded up, although the curtains were drawn. It was easy to break into by lifting it off the track. I did nearly break my nose by walking through the curtains into what I thought was a wall. A tentative push told me that it was furniture, and I discovered a large walnut bureau had been moved in front of the doors.
The home was furnished in a country theme; lots of ceramic roosters and chickens, as well as buttercups embroidered on brown throw pillows. There were some photos of a couple, who I assumed were the owners. They were younger than I would have thought, given the décor. The man had a dark complexion and wore a plaid shirt in pretty much every photo, the woman had wavy brown hair and a big smile; she reminded me of Nichole. Normal looking people.
What had happened to them? What had happened to this town?
The phone in the kitchen was a cordless one. It had been left off the hook and the battery was dead. I didn’t see any others, so reluctantly I left my backpack behind and decided to venture upstairs. It seemed more of a violation than the downstairs break in, and I found myself tip toeing.
There were more photos upstairs, the same couple, sometimes with other people. No children though. They must not have wanted any, or maybe they couldn’t have any.
There were four doors upstairs. Three open, one closed. I noticed a sickly sweet smell right away, and something a little more foul or rotten underneath. I wondered if there had been food left out up here. I decided not to look for the source of the odor.
The first door led into a bathroom, the second seemed to be a craft room of some kind, but the third open door was a bedroom, done up nicely with soft blue walls and a plaid comforter. There was a journal lying open on the bed, and more importantly a phone was sitting on the night stand. I picked it up, but the line was silent, no dial tone at all. The kid on the beach hadn’t just been jerking me around. Not only was I in a ghost town, but it was one without phones or electricity.
I looked over at the journal on the bed. Had it been left open like that on purpose? What a strange thing to do. I felt a bead of perspiration slip down my forehead, even though it was chilly in the house.
Wiping my sweaty palms on my jeans, I reached for the journal.
———————————-
9/15
It’s only been a day. Hard to believe. I’m keeping this record for anyone who comes along after we’re… Well, just in case.
I don’t know where to begin. I guess with the fog. It rolled in and the power immediately went out. Our cars wouldn’t start, the phone lines were down. Then people began dying. We didn’t see it happen, just heard the screaming, but a bunch of us ran to the school to hide. We were there for hours.
They tied Nelson to the mast of his boat to try to lure us out. We could hear him screaming off and on all afternoon as he baked in the sun. It was pretty warm out, he must have been dying of thirst. In the end the screams turned sobs and pleading that plain out tore at my soul. The crying was mostly incoherent, but we clearly heard him go:
“Please, they took my feet! Jesus they’re chewing on my legs!”
I couldn’t bear to listen anymore and I covered my ears for a bit.
Finally Officer Dean and a few of the lobstermen decided to go out and try to rescue him. I’ll forever bear it on my conscience that I didn’t try to go with them. We heard their screams too, but they didn’t last as long.
Nelson stopped wailing the next day. Something finally killed him; I guess I’ll never know what.
I made a break for it during the rescue mission, my house was only two streets down from the school and I had to see if Marcy had made it home. She cried when she saw me come in through the door.
Marcy took inventory of what we have left for canned food. Enough to get us through a month if we’re careful. I hope our neighbors are stocked up too. I haven’t seen them since the mist came in. Hope Louis and Pam are good.
Baked beans for dinner tonight.
9/16
I’m hiding my worries from Marcy, I don’t want to scare her. The phones are still down, can’t call anyone. Still can’t start the cars either. Louis tried to leave with his family on foot, but they were killed too. I didn’t see it, you can’t see anything, but I heard Pam screaming his name. I heard the kids too, but I try not to think about that. I’m glad now that Marcy and I didn’t have any kids.
The only way to stay alive is to board up your house and pray they don’t find you.
Actually, I’m not sure the praying does any good. God seems to have abandoned us.
9/17
Someone was walking around hollering that their car had stalled. I think anyone who comes here is affected by the same strange phenomenon.
They were right outside our house. I almost opened the door because I wanted to help him, but I peeked out through the boards of the window first. Then I saw it. One of the creatures. It passed right by the window. I pissed myself I was so scared.
It got the guy. I saw the whole thing.
Don’t want to describe it… don’t want to write about it. Can’t think now. I might be crazy.
9/19
Whatever they are, we know they came from the deep under cover of the fog. We can’t see them, but we hear their squelching noises through the mist and it shows no sign of lifting.
At first the creatures wandered around for only an hour or two at a time, but it was still hard to predict their movements. Better to stay indoors. Now they come out for longer periods of time. It’s like they’re testing themselves.
Marcy hasn’t talked much since Louis and Pam were taken. I try to get her to eat but her appetite is down along with her spirit.
I’m sure we’ll all be dead soon. For all I know me and Marcy are the only ones left. I’ve been thinking the best way to go would be to end it myself. I don’t have a gun, but Marcy and me could take some pills. Go together, nice and peaceful. I won’t think about that now. It’s a last resort.
9/20
If you’re reading this then we’re all dead. I hope that what came to our town isn’t able to spread any further. But I don’t know what those water demons are capable of. They’re slithering around in the streets constantly now.
Get out if you can. It’s too late for us.
———————————-
There were no other entries after that, and now I knew that it had been roughly two weeks since whatever had happened in the village. I swallowed hard and remembered the bad smell and the door at the end of the hallway; the only one that was closed. I suddenly didn’t want to be in the house anymore.  I couldn’t quite believe everything that the guy who kept the journal had written, and I deeply wanted to pass him off as an eccentric, or a guy who had gone crazy after seeing people murdered, but the little boy on the beach had been talking about things in the water too. I shuddered.
I went back downstairs grabbed my backpack and went back out through the curtains and the sliding door. My skin prickled when I saw that the world had gone white with thick swirling mist. I couldn’t see more than a foot or two in front of me.
How had it come in so quickly? I figured that I had been in the house for a quarter of an hour at most. Did fog always move like that?
Suddenly I heard a sound. It reminded me of the time I had gone out to play by the brook in my new boots. The ground was soft and glutted with rain, and I had gotten stuck in the mud up to my knee. The earth made a wet sucking sound as I pulled my foot out, and my left boot had been lost forever in the muck.
There were dark shapes moving in the mist, one of them quite close. It was huge. I backed up slowly toward the house, but I realized that it would just be a death trap if I barricaded myself in there. I had to try to make it out of the mist. One of the figures paused, I could almost feel it looking at me. It made a low gurgling sound.
Then, impossibly fast, it was coming for me. I saw that although the creature had two manlike arms it certainly didn’t have legs. It was long, dark, and serpent-like, with slitted yellow eyes and shiny wet skin. Its mouth opened and it emitted a high pitched shriek; revealing a mouth full of teeth with ragged edges that reminded me of bread knives. I remembered the corpse on the boat, his ragged bottom half.
I turned and booked it back toward the hills. I didn’t scream, I couldn’t scream. I just ran.
The mist got thinner as I gained higher ground and I still didn’t stop. I wasn’t aiming for my car, that was a lost cause. Instead I ran down the main road, knowing that I would sprint the full sixty some odd miles if I had to. Adrenaline does that to you. I even lost my backpack and I couldn’t remember ever dropping it.
 At some point I realized that I had left the fog and the town far behind me. I hoped that the creatures wouldn’t be able to survive far from the sea, and even entertained the thought that they hadn’t been able to chase me because of their dependance on their watery habitat, but I wasn’t certain of anything anymore. A world where those things existed was a world that no longer made any sense. My legs wobbled dangerously, and I slowed down, but I continued to walk, eager to put as much distance as possible between myself and the village. My breathing was ragged, I hadn’t had this much exercise in a long time and my lungs felt like limp balloons that didn’t want to inflate.
I stopped for a rest, and checked my phone. Still no signal, and the battery was at four percent. I thought of the boy on the beach again and the guilt which assaulted me almost made me turn back. Almost. I know Nichole would have, she was always the brave one, always thinking of others and telling me that I need to get my shit together. Well, I would keep walking until I got to the next town, I would contact the police and they could save the boy from the beach. Wasn’t that what we paid the police for? To be the heroes that we didn’t want to be?
Maybe the boy was already dead.
I only meant to stop for a few moments to catch my breath, but I drifted off. I have no idea how long I was out.
A familiar squelching sound jerked me awake, and I realized with horror that I was surrounded once again by white fog. My chest tightened, because six of the creatures were crowded around me, studying me with cold eyes. The biggest one tilted its head and emitted a low hiss.
I had been followed after all.
I closed my eyes again and thought of Nichole. Her voice echoed in my head as I felt the slimy fingers around my throat. Even as the serrated teeth began tearing at my gut and screams burst from me along with my insides I thought I could hear her speaking to me; that old, painfully familiar slight:
“Jake, you effed up.”
Credit: C.F Campbell
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

One day, I was walking home from school. I only lived about a block away, so that was easy. But as I was walking home one day, I saw something peaking out of the sand. It was a little grey videogame cart. It had to be for the old gameboys, or maybe the gameboy colors. This was on, like, the last day of middleschool, in 2005. Shows you how old I am, right? I took it home, and put it in my Gameboy Advance (which I swore I was going to get rid of, any day now, really. No, really! I’m gonna get a DS… Eventually.)
It didn’t have a label. That should have given me a clue something was up. But I put it in the Gameboy, and it was Tetris DX. Awesome! I looked through it, and I found them. The highscores table. And at the top of the highscores table was someone named DAN, with a highscore of 683,092.
I started playing. Trying to beat that highscore. But I had homework to do, so I didn’t get very far. I went to school and told my friends about it the next day. They found it cool, and we all got together and started speculating about who DAN was, and whether he missed his game, and how he got so good at Tetris.
I came home, and stayed up… Honestly, way too late, trying to beat it. That night,t hough, I only got 49,594 as the highest. But something weird happened. When I left for school, there was a note on my front porch.
“Don’t beat my score – DAN”
There was a little picture of a stick man with a knife in his chest.
I figured one of the guys from school had put it there. Maybe Ben. Eh, whatever. Pranks aren’t very funny if you just come out IMMEDIATELY and say you did it.
It happened the next day.
“Don’t beat my score – DAN”
This time the stick figure was decapitated. I put it in my pocket and went to school. I didn’t even mention it, ‘cause I figured that they knew I’d found it. And that night, I went home, and played Tetris.
And that morning, I got a note from DAN.
“Don’t beat my score – DAN”
The stick figure was being shot in the groin by another one.
I was getting annoyed, but my friends were smart guys. They know comedy. Rule of 3s. After three times, it stops being funny. At lunch, I kind of tried to lead the conversation that way. See if I could get them to  tell me about it. Tell me it was all a joke, just fun and games. But they seriously had no idea.
Eh.
Okay. That’s how they wanted to play it? Fine.
I kept playing. Every night, I went home, and played Tetris.
Every day, I got another note.
“Don’t beat my score – DAN”
And a stick figure who’d been murdered in a new, creative, gruesome way.
And then one night, finally, after a month of this, I was doing it. I was getting really, really good. Seriously, I was starting to kick ass and take names. I was up in the 100,000s regularly. Even the 200,000s sometimes.
And then, this night, I was getting in the groove. You know how there’s the right level of tired, the right level of drunk, where you’re REALLY GOOD at things?
Well I hit it. I’d been up all night, and I was getting good.
Icould tell this was it. This was going to be my high score. No, this was going to be THE high scre. I was so excited. It was going to happen. I was going to beat Dan. The Tetris tower was getting bigger. And bigger. I was in the zone, racking up points like it was my last day on earth.
And that was the night. My best night. My highest scoring Tetris night. I was playing up until the sun rose. And I went out on the porch to see if DAN was coming.
And you know what happened?
Nothing.
Monsters aren’t real. There aren’t killers stalking you, waiting for you to break some arbitrary rule, some made-up thing that only they know about. Fall into some arcane trap or push the wrong button and have your world destroyed. Have your life torn apart because of some weird videogame. That only happens in horror movies and creepypastas.
Although, to be fair, I only got 128,859
So maybe I just suck at Tetris.
Credit To: Redhat
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

“58, 59, 60” I counted. Josh took note. We moved on to the next box, this one full of electrical wires. I began counting.
It was nearing twelve o’clock at night. Inventory was tedious, the warehouse was hot and had no A.C., but we were getting paid overtime, which made it worth it. We were the only two left; everyone else was gone hours ago. There was still a lot of work to do, but we didn’t mind. Every couple of hours we made a run to the nearby taco chain to keep us energized.
Suddenly, I felt the effects of one of those tacos creeping up. I started counting faster.
“125, 126, 127” I finished after a moment. Josh took note.
“I’m gonna take a dump,” I said. Josh nodded. He started counting the next box himself as I walked off towards the bathroom.
I opened the door to the office section of the building, where the bathrooms were. Through the large glass window I saw her, for the first time.
She was pale as snow, her hair a light, wispy blonde. She wore a thin, faintly blue dress, nearly translucent in the light of the full moon. I could see her pale, naked body under it. She was beautiful, yet scars stretched across her stomach, as if it had been cut across with a knife over and over. She lifted a finger, beckoning me.
Then, as soon as I saw her, she was gone. I shook my head and blinked, and yet saw nothing but the darkness and moonlight beyond the door.
Half sure I had saw nothing and half sure it was a trick of my mind, I turned right and went into the bathroom.
I sat on the toilet and pulled out my phone. For some reason, the Internet wasn’t working. “Damn wi-fi,” I muttered and placed it back in my pocket. Then the hissing began.
At first it was faint, and I assumed it was only the plumbing. And yet, as it grew louder and louder it began to sound more and more like a voice – the voice of a woman.
Suddenly, the sound was unbearably loud, and then it began – the rattling.
The handle to the stall door rattled, as if someone on the other side was trying to get in. Soon the door began to shake, and within seconds the whole stall was in convulsion.
The hissing grew only louder, and formed into words.
“Come to me,” it beckoned. “Come to meeeee,” it whispered into my ear.
A mixture of terror and shock had me frozen, glued to the seat. Then I looked down. Below the door I saw them – her feet. I hadn’t payed much attention to her feet when I saw her before, but I knew they were hers. I knew.
“Come to meeeee.”
Suddenly, in a burst of both courage and insanity, I lunged for the door, knocking into it with both fists. And everything was quiet.
I stood there, breathless, staring at the door, not daring to look down. Finally my eyes dragged down to the floor.
The feet were gone. The door creaked open, seemingly of its own will. I almost left then and there. I almost bolted out of the building. But I knew I couldn’t leave Josh with her in here, and knew I had no choice but to return to the warehouse.
“Josh!” I yelled at the top of my lungs, as I pushed through the door.. “Josh! We have to leave – NOW!”
I heard no reply. Terror gripped me, but I kept going.
When I made it to the end of the warehouse I saw him, hanging. His feet were tied together with electrical wire, his fingers severed. He hung upside-down from the ceiling, a pool of blood gathering beneath him. Above his pelvis, a large gash ran across his belly, and his entrails spilling from the wound. His tongue was stretched out across his face, a long, crude, rusted nail driven through it into his forehead. I couldn’t move.
That’s when the hissing began again – at once as loud as it was before. In the hissing I heard her whispers.
“Come to me.” She said. “Come to me.”
I turned around, and looked straight into her burning red eyes. Her mouth slipped open as she repeated her mantra. She extended her arms and embraced me.
I closed my eyes shut, for the final time.
Credit To: Dan Dawson
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Alberto Nujas scrambles out of bed, quickly glancing at the clock.  It’s two thirty-two in the morning, but when you gotta go, you gotta go.  Alberto closes the bathroom door and locks it before doing his business.  Even though he’s a 29-year-old bachelor, old habits die hard.
Alberto finishes his business and is about to flush when he feels a strange pang of fear.  There’s no reason he should be scared, this is his house, all the doors and windows are locked, he’s utterly alone…there’s no REASON, he tells himself.
He looks slowly to the bathroom door, securely battened down against…well, against nothing, really.  Shrugging, he reaches towards the handle when he hears something that makes him stay his hand.  A kind of creak.  The house settling.  The wind blowing against the door.  A tree branch rubbing against the side of his house.
A footstep.
Alberto comes to his senses, realizing that he’s been standing with his hand on the toilet handle for five minutes or so.  Slowly he withdraws his hand and joins it with its sibling, absentmindedly writhing the two together like lovers.  He listens again, but all he can hear is his own heartbeat.  Not a breath of wind.  He runs to the window, but of course it’s black as pitch.
Alberto groans inwardly at himself, and grabs the toilet handle.  “If I’m going to do it, then I’ll just do it, and damn the torpedoes,” he mutters.  Flush goes the toilet and Alberto braces himself for…something, but the house remains silent, apprehensive.  Alberto laughs aloud to himself at his foolishness.
And hears the noise again.
Alberto’s laugh stops dead, but his mouth still hangs open in surprise.  His eyes widen.  “Did that sound come from the hallway?” he asks himself.  “The acoustics in this house are shit.  I can’t tell.  God.  God.  Probably not.  That’s stupid.  Stupid stupid stupid.”  He walks to the door and leans his ear against it.  The sound of his own breathing? Or…
“It’s my own breathing.  Obviously.  I mean, the house is all locked up.  I’m alone in here.  No way in, right?  It was just me.
Obviously.”
Alberto withdraws his ear.  The toilet is still gurgling as it always does after a flush.  “Since nothing is wrong, I’ll wash my hands,” he thinks.  “Yep, just wash my hands and head on back to bed.”  His hands shake as he reaches for the faucets.  But before his hands can complete their mission, he hears the faint creak again.  Unlike the other incidents, however, this creak is accompanied by the door handle to the bathroom moving.  Maybe.  Since the handle is a shiny bronze sphere, it’s really quite hard to see it moving.  It probably isn’t.
Alberto locks his eyes on the door handle.  Almost imperceptibly, it moves.
Alberto freezes, staring.  Yeah, it’s moving. “The door in the wood is warping.  Hell, stranger things have happened,” whispers Alberto.  However, the water still isn’t running.  Alberto’s hands have the faucets in a death-grip.  If it had a throat, it’d be strangling.  Stupid thought.  Shakes his head.  Turns on the water.  And he hears
Hours later.  Alberto wakes up.  The water’s still running.  Hell of a water bill I’m racking up.  The window.  Still dark.  No watch.  Don’t know the time.  Can’t wait it out.  Stands up.  Falls.  Stands up again.  Door shut, handle stationary.  Just like normal.  Shit, I’m shaking.  I’m just cold.  The creak again, louder than ever.  Right outside the door.  And the…other sound.  No doubt now.  Walks.  Hand on the doorknob.  I’m going back to bed and sleeping and while I’m asleep I’ll dream of that girlIkissedinhighschooltheonewiththeblackhairandgreeneyeslikeacatorsomethingandilljustkissherkissherkissher
“STOP!” Alberto screams.  “I HEARD THE HOUSE SETTLING AND GOT A BIT NERVOUS.  NOW I AM GOING TO BED.”
His shout echoes through the house, fading away.  The house eats it.
Alberto turns the doorknob and turns it.  Not too slow, not too fast.  The lock clicks open at the exact same volume that it always clicks.  He opens the door.
A month later, the police investigate a report from the water company claiming that the resident of 13 Pentwater Avenue hasn’t paid his water bill and isn’t answering the phone or the doors.  All they find is the bathroom door hanging wide open and the bathroom sink overflowing.
Credit To: Devin Marcus
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

September 2nd 1868
Arrived in Cheyenne in the new Wyoming Territory early this morning on the new Union Pacific line. Has been three years since I rode the locomotive. Did not realize it would remind me so strongly of Atlanta. Spent the last day of the journey with the phantom smell of blood and iron in my nostrils, and the bile rising at the back of my throat, but it is over. God willing, I will never have to ride the train again. Cheyenne is new born and mewling like a babe. Immigrants from the east and across the seas teem here, filling the streets with a babel of tongues and the raucous laughter of drunken listless youths. The hound I purchased before leaving tugs at his leash with delight at the sights and sound.
The plot of land is still two days ride across the border and to the Southwest, but true to his word, the man from the bank has hired a guide to take me there. Sent a last letter to my wife and boys with instructions to meet me here in the spring, and have purchased a wagon and the supplies for construction. The guide, a half Indian fellow, I’d wager by appearance, but civilized in tongue, has helped me hire two young men: a Irishman with a sullen chinless face, and a German, watery eyed and stinking of bourbon. Both despicable wretches, but they have agreed to work for a pittance, and both claim to have experience in homesteading.
They may intend to kill me, seeing an easy mark in a naive settler, but I do not fear these drunken children. I’ve seen a generation of these boys spilled open, and I know what they are made of.
September 8th 1868
Have crossed into the Free Territory of Colorado, after a day of the level prairie of warm wind of Wyoming, into the Front Range. This land is wild, in some… strange way, and like nothing I’ve ever seen. We are following a river through the shadow of two jagged peaks, and camp tonight just a few miles from the parcel of land. I requested remote, and by God, the bank man did not fail me. The Kraut and the Irishman grow demure and quiet without spirits, and I see no possibility of violence in them now, lest they suspect me of hoarding whisky. They will do fine quick labor, and return to Cheyenne to drink and fuck the profits.
These are men of dust, and serve only this purpose. To think, good men like me fought and died to protect these jackals from the reach of Lincoln’s tyranny, God grind his bones. I will be free of that monster soon, and if it should spread it’s federal borders this far, then I will burn my new home to the ground and move west yet again. Sons of bitches will have to push me into the sea before I swear fealty.
Found a skull just off the deer trail, when I went to make water; it was bleached white and divorced from jawbone and neck. I try not view this a portent.
Tomorrow, we should reach the plot, and begin.
September 9th 1868
The bank man has lied to me, the foul stuffed pig. The plot of land, clearly identified by compass and map, is not the idyllic grove his words painted, but a swamp. A sodden hollow filled with mud and grass, ringed with broken and dying pines. I would flay my guide alive if I thought his wretch of a employer might feel a sting.
Am determined to homestead here, however. This may not be the land I desired, but it is mine, by God. The Irishman and the German fell trees for me, and I have found the highest place, where the earth is damp the least. I will tame this land.
The hound does not like it here. He growls at the horizon and pads in small tight circles, looking always behind him.
September 10th 1868
Guide has vanished in the night. He was to spend the next few days properly mapping the borders of my land, but he has fled. Worse still the Irishman and the Kraut have grown skittish at his departure, the German tells a tale of hearing screaming in the woods last night. But in morning light, the guide’s tent and belongings were packed away and gone.
It shames me to admit, but my first night was filled with unease. There is something about this land, unlike any in the East. It seems to breathe and pulse around me, like it watches me with a cold intelligence. The trees sing softly in the breeze and in the smallest hours, when sleep had fled into the dark, I fancied I heard whispering voices in the breeze. I will share none of this with the laborers; they are weak and callow enough as it is. If superstition infects them, I will be left alone here while they flee.

September 14th
My hands bleed at the end of each day. I drive the boys hard, but myself harder. The skeleton of the cabin is complete now, but there is much more work to do. I do not think they have the stomach for real work, these dogs. They slow, now that they see the rough outline, believing their work is at an end. I suppose a pig may recognize a barn by sight, but we would hope too much to think they understand a crossbeam and a proper roof.
My dread in the nights has deepened to a level I scarcely am willing to accept. In the ebon black of the night, I am an immigrant from a dead land into one that lives yet; each creak of the trees seems to come from my own shuddering spine. While I hear no birds or beast during the day, a fact that only now seems to have pertinence, the night is alive with the rustle in the bush. Occasionally, I hear the crashing stomp of one of the drunkards slogging to the tree line to void his bladder.
The boys have indeed brought out a stash of bottles, and they have taken to drinking themselves into a stupor each night, rationing the stuff to fend of the night. I won’t speak of it to the likes of them, but I know they share my unease. Their eyes are hollow each morning and I catch them whipping around to look wide eyed into the trees as if they’d seen their deaths coming on padded feet.
I’ve taken to leashing the hound at the edge of the clearing. He whimpers and shudders throughout the night, and when he wakes, he howls and barks at the sky. If he cannot make himself useful when the need to hunt arises, I will put a bullet in his noisy skull.
September 15th
The German is gone. I suspected at first that he had turned his tail up, back to Cheyenne. I was wise not to pay him up front. His companion, sick with fear and delusion, entered the cabin shook me awake to tell me that he had been carried off in the night, same as our guide. I boxed his ears and dragged him to their camp, whereas I suspected, his belongings were gone, but the wretch refused to work until we’d looked for his partner.
Combed the woods all day with no sign of the German. Some of the night’s alien gloom lingers in the woods throughout the day, and I must confess leaping at the smallest noises. The hound, finding his purpose again, tracked the German’s trail, only to find that it looped around the grove several times, spiraling outward from the cabin. The trail soon vanished, and the hound began to strain at the leash, pleading for me to return him to the safety of our clearing.
With the cabin in sight, at the edge of the trees I made an unsettling discovery. At twice the level of a man’s height, a canvas rucksack hung from the dead branches of a massive gray and rotting pine. More unsettling, when I opened the satchel, I found the clothes of a much shorter man than I had expected. This was our guide’s bag.
I will not tell the poor fear-crazed Irishman when he returns. To credit his bravery, he still remains in the woods as night falls. I hear him shouting his companions name as he follows the spiraling trail with no end. He is a fool, but braver than I believed.
The dark has swept over the land like the sackcloth of revelations, and there is ice in my blood. I can no longer hear the Irishman now, the sounds of the night, the still unfamiliar tapestry of living bodies and the creak of the towering pines drown out his cries.
I feel a foolish, but I fear for his safety.
September 16th
Woke in the moonless night to the sounds of screaming, far in the distance. A whimpering, tearing shriek that stilled even the noises of the dark. I laid, unable to move in the bedroll on the wooden floor, unsure for a time if I had ever actually left the battlefield hospital of Atlanta and waiting for cannon and musket fire. But it was only the one lone boy, screaming in the dark, and I was helpless to save him. I clutched the rifle close, and the hound lay shivering at my side. The boy screamed, his voice coming from every direction over the course of several hours before it dissipated into a soft whimper.
We could do little but wait for daybreak.
In the light of day, I forced the hound back into the maw of the woods. I feel like wilting and crying each time I contemplate leaving the swampy ring of trees, but even an Irishman deserves a cursory search.
I found him near dusk. After following a now familiar spiraling trail, I reached the unnatural giant tree that once held the guide’s belongings. It was fresh marked with jagged irregular cuts that exposed the rotting heartwood beneath. The cuts went high up into the boughs, and I had to strain my eyes to see, but what I finally made out made me suddenly ill.
The boy lay cradled in two high branches, with his limbs dangling and cracked in a dozen false joints. His head was twisted, like he sought to imitate an owl, completely behind him. One glassy eye stretched wide next to an empty socket, and his tongue lolled from his frozen jaw.
He is owed a Christian burial, even a papist such as him, but I will need to fell the tree to fetch his body. I wish I had the strength and will to do it now, but the night of lost rest before and the day’s gruesome business robs me of the desire for much besides sleep.
September 17th
I am leaving this place. I lose all that I own, but if I leave in a few hours with the safety of the dawn, I leave with my life. I will see my wife and boys again. Woke this morning to a flinty gray dawn that never turned blue, but only drizzled a thin vapor of rain. The idea that I ever could have dreamed of living here sickens me now. I sat all day on the porch of the house, the very ground of the meadow looking threatening. The jagged teeth of the trees against the gray sky, and the lapping of the puddled water in the wind gave me the uncanny feeling of being inside a gargantuan maw that has been closing down on me since the moment I arrived. I was still determined then, to reclaim this land. To fill the bog and fell the trees, and make the fertile black soil work under my plow. How foolish, now.
With the fall of night came a whipping wind, buffeting me with heavy damp air. When the last thread of light had been cut, the hound stood to his feet and strained against the leash, hair on end and teeth bared. He strained on the leather leash that held him and began to growl, a low menacing sound. I looked to where he struggled to lunge, but could see nothing in, no horizon between ground and forest, or forest and sky. Just blackness.
When the leash broke, it made a popping sound, like a firecracker, and the hound bolted into the black. I heard the angry rhythm of his barking as he was absorbed into the dark. Then, it ceased, and I heard a sharp squeal. Then silence. The crowding throng of life that I had felt each night before was utterly silent, the only sound the dry rustle of the pine.
I shouldered the rifle and fired once into the dark, and my skin rippled as my insides froze. In the bright flash of the rifle, I saw a phantom impression of the world inside the gloom, pale trees and wet earth. And I saw, clearly, the corpse of the hound, wet and glistening. Beside it, was the shape of some… foul thing. Crouched on crooked legs, like the limbs of some beast, it held some dark portion of the dog in it’s splayed fingers. It was upright, and looking straight at me. All I saw of it’s face was the bright diamond glint of two eyes, and… teeth. So many teeth.
The gunshot rolled down the valley in darkness, and I heard no movement from the blackness beyond. With all the speed I could muster I fled for the cabin and barricaded the door with every crate and unused hearthstone I could find. Gripping the rifle tight, I did my best to lay perfectly silently, and swore to leave at first light.
When sleep finally came, it was fitful, and I awoke only a few hours later to a strange pinprick burning on my neck. I came awake to find the head of the dog, perched like a trophy at the top of the barricade, which yet lay intact and undisturbed. Around me were the hellish tracks of some beast, wet mud shapes that defied identifications.
I put my hand to my throat and felt a line of small drops across it. Blood welling up from a delicate scratch that ran from ear to ear.
The room was empty, and still fortified from within.
But it had been here with me, moments before. It had marked me, toyed with me, and left.
And so, at first light, I will leave.
September 18th
I am 10 miles from the cabin, and I curse myself for a fool. With the morning sun the meadow steamed and felt somehow, safer, but still I packed my lightest valuable tools and left the cabin. Five miles down the road, doubt set in. I have stopped to eat on this small bluff looking out at the glory of God’s creation, and I have made up my mind.
Reading yesterday’s entry flushes me with shame, what a coward was! Whatever that thing is, it’s a beast, and I am a soldier. I will hunt it, trap it, and kill it. What God and Grant could not grind out of me, I will not relinquish to some wild animal. I will not leave my wife and sons paupers, I will be a man. I will return.
June 29th, 1869
Mrs. Augustine Shelby
Grand Hotel
Cheyenne, Wyoming
Dear Mrs. Shelby
We recently received the enclosed from a pair of hunters who discovered it in forests of the Front Range in Colorado Territory. Having been made privy to the issue of your missing husband, we felt it was best to inform you directly, and pass on his journal and a few other possessions.
The hunters describe the area in which they found the items in a way that agrees exactly with your husband’s description in the journal, but there was no cabin, nor foundation, or any other signs of habitation.
We are deeply sorry that we could not be of more assistance to you, and I pray that your husband will eventually be found.
Deepest Regrets
Colonel Benjamin Williams
Fort Collins
Colorado Territory
//
Credited to Josef K.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

James arrived home late at night. He unlocked his front door and stepped into the darkness of his apartment. “Hey honey, I got that early flight home! I’m in the bedroom, there’s been a power cut.” James was surprised but happy to hear his girlfriend’s voice. She had been away for a few days on a business trip. “Ok, I’ll be right there.” He stumbled through the darkness and into the bedroom. He carefully made his way over to the bed before sitting down. “Hey sweetheart.” he said as he felt his girlfriend’s arms wrap around him. “Jesus Abigail, you’re freezing.” He shuddered as he felt her cold skin against him. “I know, the heating has been off for hours. Come on baby, get in bed and help me warm up.” She said, attempting to put on a cute voice. James got undressed and placed his phone on the bedside table before climbing into bed. He removed his glasses and moved close to Abigail. He was startled for a moment when his phone began to ring. He picked it up and looked at it but didn’t recognise the number. He brought it to his ear and answered. “Hello?”
“Hey honey it’s me, I’m still at the airport. I couldn’t get that flight but I’ll be able to get one soon. I’ll probably be home by morning… Hello? James?”
He felt an icy hand grip his shoulder.
Credit To – Jonthulhu
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Alleyways are always filled with doors, many of which never seem to lead anywhere. Once in a while, you may find a door that seems completely out of place and out of time. These old wooden doors look like they could be centuries old and have very delicate and ornate designs carved into them. These are the One Way Doors.
Now one day, you might find yourself down an alley, staring at one of these mysterious doors, overcome with curiosity.You approach the door and test the copper doorknob, surprised to find that the door has been left open. You swing the door open slowly, finding that it’s extremely dark. Despite it being rather bright in the alley, you’re unable to see anything past the doorway. Still bugged by the possibilities of what lies behind the door, you go against your better judgment and step into the pitch darkness.
You blink a few times, allowing your eyes to adjust to the brightness, and you realize that you’re standing back in the alley, facing the door. You try the doorknob again, except that this time, it’s locked. The last thing you remember doing is going through this old wooden door, except now, you’re standing back out in the alley. You shrug it off as some memory lapse or déjà vu moment, and seeing as the door was now locked, you decide to head home.
As you turn around, you see a man heading towards the door, clearly just as curious about the door as you were. “Don’t bother, bro. It’s locked,” you tell him. He doesn’t mind you and keeps walking towards the door, going straight through you.
“Wait, what the fuck?!”
You stare wide-eyed as the man continues to make his way towards the door. “How did he -?! Is that guy a ghost?! Unless, I’m the -”
The man reaches for the doorknob and opens the door. He pokes his head into the darkness before fully stepping though the doorway.
As the man steps into the room, his foot doesn’t find any ground. He falls 30 feet down to the bottom of the pit inside the room. He dies the instant he hits the pile of dead bodies at the bottom of the pit; his body lies neatly next to yours.
Credit To – Andrew Kim
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Message Body:
He stalks you at night
He’s thin and tall
Out of your sight
He’s pale and bald
He has no face or eyes to be seen
You’ll be gone in a flash
No one hears you scream
He causes fear, pain, then death
But pay him no mind
Or you’ll die like the rest
He wears a black suit, black tie, black shoes
Pay him no mind
Or it’s you, he’ll choose
Bullets don’t work, as those he’ll deflect
You’d best just run
Or it’s you he’ll dissect
Moving away would be a feasible plan
But he’ll always find you
For he is Slenderman.
Credit To: Calum S.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

A young woman on her way to town broke her journey by staying with friends at an old manor house. Her bedroom looked out to the carriage sweep at the front door. It was a moonlit night, and she found it difficult to sleep. As the clock outside her bedroom door struck 12, she heard the noise of horses’ hooves on the gravel outside, and the sound of wheels. 
She got up and went over to the window to see who could be arriving at that time of night. The moonlight was very bright, and she saw a hearse drive up to the door. It hadn’t a coffin in it; instead it was crowded with people. The coachman sat high up on the box: as he came opposite the window he drew up and turned his head. His face terrified her, and he said in a distinct voice, “There’s room for one more.” 
She drew the curtain, ran back to bed, and covered her head with the bedclothes. In the morning she was not quite sure whether it had been a dream, or whether she had really got out of bed and seen the hearse, but she was glad to go up to town and leave the old house behind her. 
She was shopping in a big store which had an elevator in it — an up-to-date thing at that time. She was on the top floor, and went to the elevator to go down. It was rather crowded, but as she came up to it, the elevator operator turned his head and said, “There’s room for one more.” 
It was the face of the coachman of the hearse. “No, thank you,” said the girl. “I’ll walk down.” She turned away, the elevator doors clanged, there was a terrible rush and screaming and shouting, and then a great clatter and thud. The elevator had fallen and every soul in it was killed.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The chairs were the old school folding kind, brown metal with tan cushions that were almost comfortable. They were usually folded and stacked neatly against the wall in the basement of the church on Dionin street. Three times a week they were unfolded and made into a circle: once for bible book club on Monday afternoons, another time for prayer group on Tuesday mornings, and then every Friday night for meetings.
Some Fridays, the circle could get up to twenty members. Most weeks it was half that. Tonight was less. Langston didn’t really care. He just needed a meeting.
It had been six years since the last time he got high. It didn’t matter. His life was a constant series of triggers. Whenever he felt like pulling one, he would end up here, in this circle, or one just like it, telling strangers he occasionally recognized explicit details of how he threw away his life.
The ritualistic aspect of it was important. The circle was important. The repetition was important.
They joke about how people get addicted to meetings instead of drugs. Langston didn’t mind the trade off. At least meetings didn’t send you to the emergency room with abscesses. Or into jail for the weekend, sick and detoxing. They don’t kill you and swallow you whole like addictions do.
He sat down at one of the chairs, six synthetic sugar packets heartlessly drowned into his coffee. The styrofoam cup was warm in his cold hands. The meeting was about to start.
There was a banging noise coming from down the hall. It sounded like a door hadn’t been closed properly and the echoing, cavernous booming rattled through the empty basement and into the little meeting room.
The girl next to him was pounding her feet against the cement floor in time to the noise. She was grabbing her knees with her fingers. Her nails were mostly imaginary, gnawed nearly to the bed.
Between the way she looked and the way she acted it was either her first meeting or a court mandated appearance. Both options were lousy. He smiled over at her and she turned her head slightly.
There was something wrong with her eyes.
She looked down again. Her blonde hair with dull roots obscured her face. And her eyes.
He could hear her teeth grinding against each other. It sounded like an old and dying machine.
He looked away. Someone was speaking. It was Marc. Langston had seen him at dozens of meetings. He had heard his story dozen of times. He could tell it. Wife divorced him, then he was fired, now his brother was dying of esophageal cancer. The repetition was good for people. The ritual was important.
The door rattled off in the distance. It sounded like it was being slammed and reopened by wind. It had been breezy all day, with the October leaves flying in twisting little patterns across the sky. Red and gold and dying in celebratory sacrifice for the coming of fall.
After Marc finished, someone else went. Langston heard them as a dull noise, waves in a seashell in another room. He couldn’t focus. He couldn’t stop thinking about her eyes.
She was still grinding her teeth. He noticed her knuckles were cut up and weirdly scarred. She was making very, very weird noises very, very quietly. Deep jagged breaths with another noise coming from her. A weird sibilant sound.
Was that really what her eyes looked like?
It must have been the light. A reflection. Someone was talking. He couldn’t hear a thing.
He tried to pay attention. The person talking was saying it seemed like there was a new member? And would she want to say something?
He saw the girl next to him raise her head. She stood up.
There was a loud bang down the hall. The lights flickered. They came back on. The girl’s breathing sounded weird. She turned and looked at him. Her eyes. It wasn’t the light. That’s what they looked like.
“Sure,” she said. Her voice sounded so normal. That made it worse. “I’d love to tell you my story.”
What was that noise in the hall? It almost sounded like something was walking around. Shuffling?
“My name is Emily.”
“Hi Emily.”
Even Langston said it. It was automatic. The ritual only works if you participate. Repetition helps.
“This is my story. It started three years ago. The first time I got high. My mom had surgery on her knee. I tried some of her pain meds. They were awesome. I collapsed on the couch after taking them. I was made of cumulus clouds and unicorns. I was composed of rainbows and garden gnomes. So I took more. Obvs. Then some more. Then I got some from my friends. Then pills cost too much. Then I found out heroin was a lot cheaper than prescription pills. And much easier to get.”
“This next part is the part in “Behind the Music” before the comeback,” she said and pushed her hair back. Langston saw someone stare. Did they see the eyes? “I got really messed up on heroin. My friends weren’t always my friends. I did a lot of things I really regret. I should have died. I wish I did. It would have been better than this. Maybe.”
She smiled. What was going on with her jaw? It seemed to pulse?
Another noise in the hall.
“Two months ago, my friend and I were trying to score. We were getting sick. We were sleeping in an underpass. We didn’t have anything. My friend, Amy, she drew a circle. Like this.”
Something was outside in the hall. Langston knew there was something. It wasn’t a loose door. It was moving and getting closer. He wanted to get up and run out. He felt like he couldn’t move. Instead, he just listened to the noise. A rattling noise. A hissing, like air escaping a tire.
“We decided we were going to call something to help us. Get us high or whatever. To not feel sick or something. Whatever. It doesn’t matter now.”
In the hallway, the noise grew louder, a hypnotic rattling circular noise.
“Anyway. We made the circle. We called it. And it showed up. It immediately showed up. Like it had just been waiting for this moment forever. I guess it had.”
Marc with the divorce and unemployment and dying brother stared at her. All the veins in his neck stuck out like new blades of grass in the summer.
“The first thing that happened was it killed Amy. Dead. Totally dead. And then …it… well, it ate her. After that, it spoke to me. It asked if I still wanted what I called it for. Did I want its help? And I told it yeah, because why the fuck not? I’ll take living and not dying for 500, Alex.”
Langston realized the feeling he had of being trapped wasn’t just a sensation. He couldn’t move his body. It was as if he was nailed to the old school brown metal chair with the almost comfortable cushion.
“He told me he had been asleep. For a really, really long time. Now he was up. Because of us. And all he wanted was to eat. And he didn’t really ever want to stop eating again. So we made a deal. If I helped him out, brought him to places where he could eat, he’d help me out. He couldn’t get me heroin, but he could get me high in a different way: I could eat with him. I said yes. So…so, then he …he changed me. My eyes, first. Then other things.”
She looked over at Langston. Her slit pupils widened and contracted in the fluorescent night. He felt his legs spasm. She laughed.
“And guess what? I like this better than junk. Better than anything. He told me the more pain and sadness people have in their life, the better they taste. All that sorrow flavors the body.”
She walked over to Langston. She put her hand on his shoulder. Her hands didn’t feel like skin. Like human skin.
“And he’s right. Sadness tastes magnificent. Like rainbows and fucking unicorns. But he needs a circle to pull him into this world. So I told him I had an idea. A way we could kill two birds with one stone. Or kill something, at least.”
Behind the door, something hissed.
“This is our fifth meeting. Fifth town in two months. No one has caught on yet. Of course, we don’t leave a lot of evidence in our wake. Most of it we swallow.”
Her mouth…changed. Opened wide, then wider. Then wider. Her jaw unhinged as they watched, helpless. Her tongue, forked and long emerged from her red mouth like a newborn child. She licked the air and smiled at Langston.
“I think you’re first.” She said to him quietly. Then, louder, “We’re ready.”
The door opened.
Credit To – O.H. Manchester
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Note: This story is a true, unembellished personal experience that occurred on December 9th, 2010.
I’ve always been a skeptical, logical person—a critical thinker. At a young age my father, a doctor, told me that everything outside the physical realm is a myth after I had a nightmare about demons. “Hocus Pocus”, he said, “An illusion created by errors of the human mind”. By the age of five I didn’t believe in Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, or the Tooth Fairy. Nevertheless I loved horror movies and supernatural subjects because I thought they were fascinating, even from a scientific standpoint, and I think on some subconscious level I wanted to discover something so unbelievable as a ghost. That’s probably one of the reasons I decided to visit the North Trestle.
The North Trestle is an old, outdated railroad bridge that towers high over a narrow part of North Lake, a winding river valley flooded by a dam over sixty years ago. The bridge is even older than the lake, and as with all old things people perpetuate rumors about the bridge being haunted by a ghost of some kind. The story goes that Genevieve, a wealthy girl who went to our high school in the 60’s, used to secretly meet her female lover at the bridge on moonlit nights. When her controlling mother found out and wouldn’t let her see the girl anymore, she hung herself from the bridge. Apparently if you walk across the bridge on a full moon, you’ll see her. “Genevieve” was a classic story every freshman at our high school heard, and I thought it was just stupid.
One day I decided it’d be fun to go to that bridge and film it for our school newscast, hopefully to put the dumb story to rest. Chris, our editor, was all for going with me, and our friend Jenna wanted to go just to see something happen firsthand. One week later on a full moon, we grabbed a camera and a two-liter of Mountain Dew and headed for the bridge.
We took the north road farther and farther out of town until only pine trees and cornfields surrounded us. This was the part of Catawba County most people didn’t think about—a dark corner of the map. Thank God for the full moon, I thought to myself; we hadn’t seen a streetlight for miles and I have pretty bad night blindness. Even basic shapes I can’t make out if the sun is down or the lights are dim. After what seemed like forever we finally saw moonlight shimmering on water, and parked in a marina near the bridge. “Ahhh it’s cold!” Jenna shouted as soon as we opened the car door. “Good”, I said. “We need a cold, clear night like this, I don’t even think we need a light for the camera.”
But for some reason the moonlight piercing the cold air was more eerie than total darkness, the way the light trickled through the pine trees to the bare ground. In some odd way it felt like the night wanted to show us something. As we walked along the rusted railroad toward the bridge, Chris spoke up: “So, we walk to the middle of the bridge, Dan you film some there, then walk to the other side of the bridge, then come back. We get at least ten minutes of film, and I’ll edit out the boring parts. Good plan?”
“Good plan, but the whole thing’s gonna be boring parts”, I said.
“You don’t know that, Dan!” Jenna replied.
Walking on the trestle bridge was nerve-wracking in itself; the gaps were easily large enough to step through, and as soon water was below us we were at a dizzying height.
“Could you jump off this thing? Maybe we should come back here in the summer”, Chris noted.
“It’s gotta be pretty deep”, I added.
“Well you two can have fun with that”, Jenna replied. She was usually the voice of reason.
Just before we got to the middle of the bridge, I was paralyzed. A cloud had covered the moon and I might as well have been in a cave. “Hold up guys. I can’t see where to walk.”
They were both shocked. “You can’t even see the bridge?”
“I can’t see my own hand” I clarified. “Just chill out and give me a second”. I felt around for the wood ties and made slow progress.
“Why did we trust you with the camera?” They laughed. “Don’t trip and drop that thing!”
To my relief the cloud passed and the moon came out again. Finally we made it to the bridge’s midpoint and sat down to film some uninteresting material.
“Here we are at the North Trestle, said to be the one an only place to see Genevieve’s ghost! High school students in our area have heard this story for over a decade…” Chris narrated enthusiastically for several minutes until the low battery light came on. “Oh crap”, he said. “Dan, you walk down to the other side of the bridge and come back, that should be enough time for Jenna to go get the spare battery.”
“Yeah right, I’m not going by myself!” Jenna spoke up.
“Fine, fine, I’ll go with you”, he compromised.
They set off back toward the car and I went in the other direction to reach the other side. Only five minutes later I heard a loud, high-pitched scream. “Jenna!” I said out loud. I reasoned she must have tripped or fallen, but when I looked back down the long track I saw they had both already made it off the bridge. The scream also sounded like it came from the other direction—the direction I was headed. I kept walking, though somewhat more reluctantly.  For the first time, a cold breeze blew. Some dull, low noise was now humming—I wasn’t sure what it was, or if it was just my heightened hearing detecting some distant disturbance.
A few minutes later I was at the last quarter of the bridge, feeling more confident that the North Trestle was just a bridge and the only trace of “Genevieve” was six feet underground somewhere, dust by now. That confidence was shattered, however, when I looked toward the sky. A cloud was on its way toward the full moon again, and beyond that were a few more clouds. “Damn”, I said aloud. Seconds later I was cloaked in darkness.
“Alright, nothing to panic about”, I tried telling myself, but the sound of that bizarre scream was still in my mind and the low humming noise was getting louder. I shuffled and felt for the right steps, slowly making progress toward the other side of the bridge.
“Daniel”, something ahead of me whispered faintly. I froze. It had to be the wind. At that point I just wished I could see something, even just a shadow, but there was no hint my eyes could give me. I walked forward.
I thought I heard breathing, as I slowly found the right places to step. Suddenly something rushed past me. I turned around and shouted “HEY! WHO IS THIS?!” Now I knew my mind wasn’t playing tricks on me—someone was here. It had to be someone there to play a prank on us, I thought, or some homeless wanderer who wanted to be left alone. I stopped and placed the camera on the track. Having a camera is one more reason for someone to kill me, I reasoned. I’d go back and get it later. For a few minutes I waited, until my phone rang. It was Jenna. “Dan, we have the battery is that you coming towards us? Did you film the other side yet?”
I shouted at first chance “No, it’s not me, go back to the car! I think someone’s here!”
She hung up.
“Okay”, I thought to myself. “How do I get back to the car? This person trapped me.” I thought about going to the other side, but I’d never be able to find my way in those woods. Even if I could I’d be on the other side of the lake, and there wasn’t another bridge for miles. “Damn”, I said aloud again. I would have to confront this person, say I’ll leave and never come back, and get to off this terrible bridge. I shuffled some more in the dark, heading back the way I came.
A minutes later the moon came out again, and I saw it. A figure was coming my way. The bridge was only lit for a few seconds until the moon again disappeared behind a cloud.
I shuffled forward, my shaking leg almost falling through a gap. The moon came out again, and it was much closer—only about 200 yards away, but still it looked like just a shadow. The moon disappeared again and I shuffled forward, now shaking so much I thought I might fall.
When the moon came back out, I stopped cold. The figure was closer now; only about a hundred yards away, and I could make out its unusual features. It was limping forward, it’s arms swinging as if they were sewn on. Greasy black hair hung down to its knees, and its head was tilted to the side. But the face—that’s what made my blood turn cold, made my stomach feel sick. It was off-white with a green hue, and blank—no eyes, nose or mouth, just a wrinkled texture like a pumpkin that had rotted. I prayed that the next cloud wouldn’t cover up my only light again, but my prayer went unanswered—darkness fell again.
“It’s someone in a mask, it’s someone in a mask, it’s someone in a mask” I tried telling myself, but something in me said otherwise. The way it moved was just…unnatural. I tried backing up slowly, almost tripping. “How cold is this water?” I thought. “How high am I? Wait, what am I thinking?! Why is that an option?! What are my other options?!” I looked up and saw the moon, just about to reveal itself. My legs were shaking like Jello, barely holding me up.  I had the feeling someone gets just before they bungee jump, though I didn’t have a bungee cord.
Moonlight crept out from behind the cloud one more time and I caught one glance—one terrible glance. It stood ten feet in front of me, head tilted to the side. I was wrong about one thing—it did have a mouth. A hideous smile spread wide across its blank face, it’s wrinkled skin spread to reveal black gums and jagged teeth. “Daniel” the smiling mouth said. It took one step forward.
Instinct took over, like when your hand pulls back after touching a hot pan; my legs threw me sideways, my mind not even calculating how far I needed to jump to avoid the concrete foundation below. My stomach dropped, but I didn’t even look at the water I was headed towards; I didn’t straighten out or prepare for the impact—for all that time, as the cold air rushed past my body, the image of that grotesque smile was imprinted in my mind. Only at the last second did I twist and avoid my back hitting the water first as I narrowly missed the concrete. Even submerged in icy water, all that was on my mind was her smile. Even shivering in my boxers on the car ride home, all I could see was Genevieve’s smile.
Credit To – Dan Davis
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Note: Please read Parts 1-3 here and Part 4 here before this story, to avoid confusion. Any further updates will be posted in the And Mira series tag.

It has taken three years to get here.  When Mother was killed, she had only time to leave me one final message:
“Find your father”.
Of course, my father, Nathaniel Mirras, is dead.  Well, Nathaniel is dead.  Mirras is not his last name.  Mirras is my adopted name, so I don’t actually know Nathaniel’s last name.  Or mine, for that matter.  But I know him as Nathaniel Mirras.  He has haunted me since I was 18 months old.  He has also been killing that long, maybe longer.  Since my earliest memories, he has been killing my friends, their friends,  and their families.
He killed Mother.
The vaporous bastard possessed her, destroyed her, and left her mutilated shell for me to find.  Until then he had only possessed the morally weak.  He “improved” those he possessed, but left them for dead.  But that wasn’t enough this time.  Mother had no faults, no flaws.  The game we play took an unforgivable turn when he mutilated her to look like him in his miserable corporeal form.  He removed her head, and her hands.  When they found them her mouth and fingers had been stitched together using her own hair, ripped from her scalp.  Her own hair!  One ear was removed, and her nose.  Her teeth were shattered.  They found her head and hands in a field close to where he, Nathaniel, also killed the boy that gave me my first kiss.  Nathaniel was sending a message to me, that no one was safe.
Nathaniel claims to live in a spirit world of sorts, tormented somehow by other beings that know him and hate him.  His only escape is to inhabit a body here in the real world.  And, for a time, those he possesses experience a better life.  They become better people.  They become good friends, fall in love, or even are healed of terminal illnesses.  But the cost is great.  When Nathaniel leaves them, they die.  For years, I thought it was unintentional, his killing of those he possesses.  But the deaths have evolved now where there is no doubt that Nathaniel Mirras intends harm to all he appears to help.  Even worse, it is only those that are close to me that are in jeopardy.  I am the harbinger of death to all I love.  And I don’t know why.
But, after many years of searching, I now have a clue.  A name.  A place.  Mother would not want me to find my biological father, since he died so many years ago.  There is also a very real possiblility that Smoke himself is the ghost of my real father.  So, clearly, her intention was for me to find my stepfather, my adoptive father.  The man named Mirras.  It’s taken me three years since her death to get to this point, on my birthday, standing mere yards from my goal.  I take a deep breath and reflect on the events leading me to my only living relative, and possibly my only hope of survival, and saving those I love.
Year One:
The months after Mother died were…cold. Nathaniel tried to possess me, to force me to kill Andrew, and possibly myself. He failed.  I don’t think he could control me now.  My spirit is certainly gone, dead with Mother. My only comfort, my driving force these past years has been to follow her instructions, and find the man that loved her, and presumably me. Mirras. I don’t know what answers he holds, but I do know that Mother thought it important for me to connect with him. Perhaps he is the only person that can protect me from Nathaniel.
To this point Ellie, and the boy I’ve loved since nursery school, Andrew, are still alive. Mother is dead, and died a horrible death, which means that anyone close to me may be at the mercy of Nathaniel Mirras. I would give my life for Ellie. I would give all of my lives for Andrew. Even though both relationships are strained, I need them alive. I need to know that people who love me are still in my world, and that I can protect them, and they can bring me joy. Otherwise, what’s the point?
I am committed to keeping everyone else alive that still lives. Most of my other childhood friends are already gone. Bing. Kelly. Frank. Even Andrew’s sister Laverne, not a close friend, but someone close. Gone. Knowing that Smoke can take any of them at any moment drives me.
Ellie and I are best friends.  The first year after Mother died she stayed close to me.  She held onto me and loved on me for all that she could.  That eventually faded, as I needed to distance myself from everyone I cared about yet again.  I briefly reconnected with Andrew, and it only ended up getting his sister killed.  I long for those moments still, but I can’t keep them safe that way, loving me.  Over the next few years Ellie simply stopped coming by, stopped seeing me in the hallways, stopped telling me about her latest crushes.  She just stopped.  But there was more. She had been in love with Frank, the boy who first kissed me, and died for the privelege.
Well.  She was in love with him to the extent that anyone can be at twelve.  I don’t know if she knows about Frank and me. Nathaniel threatened to tell her about it.  I’ve often imagined just telling her and getting it off of my chest.  But.  No.  In many ways, we have drifted apart naturally, what with her being the constant socialite.  I am definitely not that. Yet I can’t help but feel as though she knows. She knows I betrayed her with Frank.  She really shouldn’t. But I’m afraid that she does.  She probably knows that I’m not safe to love at any rate. So she stays away. And I let her.
And this is how I keep Ellie safe.
Cooper James is the little boy that survived Nathaniel’s second murder. He was there when Frank’s twin sister Kelly was possessed and met her untimely end. He went into shock for years, and truly has never fully recovered.  But he has been able to start high school on time, and begin a fairly normal life.  Unfortunately, you can hardly call any life that includes me normal.  Ellie speaks to him.  She trusts him.  She occasionally lets him know she is still thinking of me, and misses me.  She lets him know that she still cares about me.
In this way, Cooper, not really ever a close friend, is able to relate to me. He knows, and has often said, that he and I share a kinship, because our true loves both perished in unimaginable ways. I wish I could say that Frank was my true love, and that his death had a mystical romantic meaning. But it isn’t true. It was a foolish fling that cost Frank his life, and I doubt I was in any way worth it. Andrew was and is the only true owner of my heart.  Andrew asks about me too, even though he knows that Cooper will spill. In many ways, I stay close to Cooper, because Cooper allows Andrew and me to be truly together without the risk of Andrew losing his life over me. I tell myself that Cooper is safe, because he has already survived Nathaniel’s murderous mania.
Andrew.  The first year after Mother died was difficult with Andrew.  He clearly, and rightfully, blames me for the death of his sister.  He couldn’t possibly know that Nathaniel existed, nor that he was responsible for her death by possessing her.  He couldn’t know that Nathaniel’s possession was the reason for his sister’s temporary cancer remission.  The only reason.  Andrew couldn’t know that when Smoke left Laverne, her body was devoid of spirit and subject to the total ragings of the cancer in its final stages.  That rage came through so violently, it would undoubtedly be the subject of Andrew’s nightmares for years to come.
Andrew changed after that.  He became quiet.  Sad.  Broken.  We didn’t speak much for a few years before his sister died.  There had been a rift created when I started spending time with Frank.  I allowed the rift, however.  His was a relationship I intentionally withdrew from in order to protect him.  Few are as important to me as Andrew.  He doesn’t hate me, I know that.  But he can barely make eye contact even in casual contact, as thought he were…ashamed.  Maybe afraid.  Andrew has been closest to my heart since childhood, and it hurts for us to be in this broken place.   But I let us remain there.
This is how I keep Andrew safe.
I speak to Nathaniel.  I answer him when he speaks to me.  I’m not nice when I speak to him, but I know better than to anger him further.  I don’t know if he is simply seeks my attention, my favor, or my approval.  Or simply my fear.  I try very hard not to give any of those things.  But he killed my Mother, and I don’t want it going any further.
“Mira.”
There is no kindness nor frivolity in his voice when he speaks with me.  Nor is there in mine.  We are no longer secret friends.  He is my mother’s killer.  And I hate and fear him.
“Smoke…”
“That isn’t my name.  You mustn’t call me that.  You know it makes me very angry.  My name is Nathaniel.”
“No,” I say blandly, “Nathaniel was a hero.  You are just a murderous bastard.  You are not Nathaniel.”
I stay calm with him.  I allow myself to make little insults because it makes me feel better.  But I will not allow him to see my true emotions.  Nathaniel enjoys the game however, and will never allow me to see how he feels either.  His emotions come through when he kills.  So I must choose my intentions very carefully.  In this moment, I can tell I’m amusing him.
“Ah,” challenges the ghost, “You are upset about your mother?”
“Yes,” I say plainly.  It is all I can do to control the hatred and grief.  If only I knew how to kill a ghost!
“You assume she didn’t deserve what happened.  You assume she was good, and nothing I could do for her in possession would improve her morality?”
Again.  “Yes.”
He actually sounds sad.  “That is not true, I’m afraid.  She was very good to you, but her lapse in morality goes far back.  We had a very healing discussion before she went.  She was fully aware of her crime, and welcomed the payment, when the time came.”
“I don’t believe you.  I know of no such crime, and neither does anyone else.  She had no fault deserving the hideous way you mutilated her”  I feel myself getting angry, and I must get control.  Quickly.
“Perhaps,” he whispers.  Then nothing.
With that I sense that he is gone.  If there is truth to his claim I will find it.  I will find the answer to Nathaniel Mirras.  Soon.
Year Two:
Determining the identity of my stepfather is of utmost importance. I interview the immediate neighbors first. They are no help. My stepfather was only with us a short time, so many of them simply never met him. I am amazed at how many people never knew that Mother had been married at all, let alone to two men!  So I broaden my search to neighborhoods outside of mine. I have time. I am being looked after by our former boarder, now caretaker, Herr Doppelmacher, and by Andrew’s two living sisters. I have no financial needs, and very little accountability through my teenage years. I don’t engage in any school activities, and can simply walk the town.after school, run into whomever I might run into, and ask. Who was Mirras?
More importantly, who IS Mirras.
Nearly every day, I am met with blank stares. Pity. Everyone knew what had happened to Mother, and are uncomfortable talking to me of course.  Often they look at me as though I’m mad, after all I must be under the circumstances, but so very few know anything about my stepfather. So they become afraid, that somehow speaking with me will guarantee them a similar fate.  Sadly, that could be true.  Children, outside playing with hula hoops and skateboards, are quickly rushed inside by suddenly frightened parents to avoid the lunatic girl looking for her father.
Most days it is embarassing, but lives are at stake, so I keep walking and I keep asking.  Mother was private, and her life’s woes are not known to many. The events that I need to uncover are very very old, some possibly older than I am. Very few remember who he was and even fewer know or admit to where he is. And, because I am still a child, very few are willing to share with me the information I desperately need. They can’t possibly understand that my finding my father might be critical to saving many lives.  Maybe even theirs.
Meanwhile, those I love move farther and farther away from me, yet not out of danger.  Ellie becomes busy.  Andrew simply ignores, and pretends I don’t exist.  And every night, and every day, Nathaniel tortures me with the constant threat of their lives, and by disparaging Mother’s memory.  I am losing hope…
Year Three:
Now that I am nearly an adult, I find that once hidden witnesses are willing to share. Many months of humiliation are now bearing fruit.
I wish I could tell you that I haven’t lost anyone else since Mother. I cannot.  Nathaniel is a killer. I’ve lost still more people close to me, even if only by association.  I am afraid that if I don’t find my stepfather soon that I will have no one else in life. My only hope is to locate him before I lose too many more to my non-corporeal killer.  Every year brings still more loss and tears to another family, another brother, another mother another friend, for the simple sin that they knew me. Often they are so far on the periphery that the connection to me is unfathomable.
That is what drives me after nearly three frutiless years. Can I stop that next death, and all deaths beyond?  Can I?  I must.
The first day of my senior year of high school, Andrew talks to me.  It isn’t a complete surprise.  It is impossible to go anywhere in town and not run into everyone at some point.  I had seen Andrew often over the summer, just walking, running errands.  We didn’t speak then, but, on occasion he would look at me.  I didn’t see pity.  I didn’t see anger.  I didn’t see fear.  He would give me an inquisitive look, as though he hadn’t met me before.  Then just before school started, he smiled.  I had worked so hard to keep him at a distance, but honestly this smallest connection makes me happy.
It also makes me weak.  It occurred to me that he was possessed.  Of course.  The sudden change of heart?  It could only be that Nathaniel finally decided it was Andrew’s turn, and it was too late for me to find any more answers.  I went to school that first day in dread.  I can only wait for the horrible death that I know Nathaniel will make of him.  Ellie and he approach me, all in smiles.  I want to cry.  I want to vomit.  I consider how my own life will end knowing that Nathaniel will finally take the last connection between my heart and my spirit.  I’m ready to give up.
It’s all small talk.  Naturally.  Ellie seems elated to tell me all about her summer.  The many boys…the many boys…Damn Ellie!  Her grades have been good enough to get accepted into college!  She tells me how much she is looking forward to finishing up high school, and going to college to find a real man.
Well, she certainly isn’t possessed.  Same Ellie.  Damn Ellie!
But that isn’t the biggest news.  Ellie practically sings, “Andrew, tell her!”
Andrew speaks.  It’s still tentative. Nervous.  He is acting normal.  He grins somewhat, but he seems normal.  He opens his eyes, and they are his soft eyes.  The eyes I have loved since he was a baby.  Maybe I’m wrong.  I can’t believe that, but I begin to hope.
He says, quietly, but firmly, so that I can hear, “We’re going to the same school next year.”
“Well, sort of,” says Ellie excitedly, “we will be going to partner colleges close to each other.  I hope you will be able to come to visit us, all the way in Rhode Island, Mira!  I know it’s so far.  But you must!  I will miss you so much next year.  Or, maybe you can come with.  Come with us Mira!  Keep it in mind when you decide on your school.”
And with that, a subtle grin  and a shake of the head from Andrew, Ellie and her entourage sweep down the hallway, and out of sight.  Just in time, as Ms. Laurenne Day was scampering down the hallway looking to punish the many miscreants of our school.  It was the last I would see her for a very long time.  It occurs to me that Andrew and Ellie may be dating.  I can’t decide whether to cry or to introduce them both to Nathaniel at the next opportunity.
I duck into a side hallway and into the garage where the bad boys work on their cars.  The garage is surprisingly quiet, except for the shop radio playing “Witch Doctor”, and empty, for this time of day.  Yet there is Cooper, standing up against the wall, as though waiting for me.  I say that tongue in cheek, because Cooper, and I’m sure most of the rest of those boys, aren’t bad.  Cooper took to cars, wanting to know how they work, how they operated, how they could be controlled, I’m sure as a result of his experience with Kelly.  It is a strong thing to do, and I find I admire him for finding this outlet for his grief.  I’m also sure he works to find secrets to make the cars go very fast, in case he needed to ever get away.  Fast.
Cooper is no longer the small boy, traumatized by his close experience with death.  He is confident, and actually has grown to be a nice looking young man.  If not for his demons, he would be a good companion for any girl.  Not this girl, though, I’m afraid.  I know his particular demon all too well.
He approaches me, smiles, gives me a quick little hug, saying “Hi, Mira.”
“Where is everyone,” I ask.  “The garage is empty!”
The teacher is sick today, and no one scheduled a substitute, so everyone else is cutting.  I’m on my way out myself.  It’s only the first day, so I’m sure I won’t get in trouble.”
“I see.”
“So how did I do?”  he asked.
“You mean with your car?  I’m sure it’s very fast.  Really, how should I know?”
“No, Mira.  With Ellie.  With Andrew.”
I’m not quite sure what he means.
Cooper’s voice is very even.  “You see they’ve been talking about you for so long, especially Andrew…well, mostly Ellie of course.  I’ve been telling them they should talk to you, act like it’s old times.  I told them you missed them.  That you are very sad.  You are very sad Mira.  I know.”
He comes closer.  This is starting to not feel right.  He gets up very close.  Too close.  He is looking right in my eyes.
“You see, Mira, you can like me now.  Andrew, well, he’s moved on.  He’ll probably end up with Ellie, which means he will never love you.  So, Mira, I’ve made your friends like you again, and you can be only mine”
Why does every boy except Andrew do this to me?  This isn’t like Cooper at all.
Damn it.  Of course it isn’t.  I can see it in his eyes.  Cooper is lost.
“Cooper,” I whisper, hoping that part of him can hear me.  “No.”
He pulls out a switchblade.  Those are not allowed at school, but it is not unusual for some boys to carry them. Especially in the garage.  He brings it close to my face.
“Cooper!  Nathaniel, please.” I use his real name.  I know it is him.  I don’t know if he can use another body to harm me.  Cooper is already dead.  I’m sorry for that, because I know that he would not in his wildest dreams ever harm me.
But, this is Smoke, the chalky child now grown.  This is Nathaniel Mirras.  And he is a killer.
He brings the knife up to my hair, and quickly cuts a piece off at the root.  I stifle a scream.  I can’t let him know how scared I am.  He then takes the blade over to my ear, the same as the one he is missing, and slowly slices the smallest part of the lobe off.  I feel my blood begin to run down my neck.  Now I scream as he backs away, and cuts an identical piece from his own ear, and holds both pieces carefully in his palm.  He considers them both a moment. And smiles.  Cooper smiles Nathaniel’s smile just before he leaves a body for dead.  Will that happen now?
A commercial plays on the radio, for a credit card, stating in very serious tones, “Don’t leave home without it.”
His smile fades as he puts both pieces of ear, his and mine, in the front pocket of his pants.  I want to vomit, from the pain and the disgusting fact that Nathaniel has put a piece of my body, my earlobe, into his pocket.  He approaches me again, gets very close, and I can feel his otherworldly breath mixed with the oil from the shop.  He grabs my shirt, raises the knife, and jams it, along with the top of my shirt, into the wall.  Still smiling, he backs away, this time to one of the cars in the garage, closest to the open door, and gets in.
At this moment, Mr. Robinson, one of the teachers runs into the garage.  He had heard me scream, and was just in time to see Cooper drive away from the scene.  Then he sees the scene.  Me.  On the ground, wounded and bleeding.  He puts pressure on my bleeding and calls for medical help.
Another commercial plays, “Look ma, no cavities!”
The police are called, and a fantastic chase ensues.  Of course, that is what Nathaniel wanted.  Cooper knew how to make cars go fast.  No squad car would have caught up with him if he hadn’t wanted.  But, of course, he did.  He wanted Cooper’s end to be spectacular, to impress me.  To remind me of his power.  To warn the world of his strength.  The end was in fact spectacular, as I heard from my hospital bed.  The investigating officers informed me that he had driven them on a wild ride through town, ending, on Cooper’s own block.  He ran the car at full speed into the oldest, most solid tree on the block.  At full speed.
Cooper’s skull is smashed against the wheel, barely recognizable.  His hands have nearly been separated from the wrists from awkwardly holding the steering wheel at the time of the collision.  Nathaniel seems intent now to maim his victims as he is maimed.  I can only imagine the terror Cooper experienced when Nathaniel released him, only to see his death in front of him.  Then again, maybe he was already dead.  It’s hard to know.
Some of the officers on the scene thought they could hear the voice of a young girl crying in pain.  No one could see her of course.  It was Kelly.  Cooper and Kelly were finally reunited in the past, as was Nathaniel’s intention all along.  This sick reality gave me new courage, to heal, and to renew my search for Mirras.  What if he decides to reunite Frank and Ellie in this way?
My ear will never heal.  They were not able to recover either of the pieces from Cooper’s body.  They are gone.  I will always have a physical reminder of this episode with Nathaniel, in addition to the emotional scars of having myself been so close to death at his hands.  The kills were becoming even closer, and even more personal.  I was sure he couldn’t possess me for long against my will, and I wouldn’t die if he did.  I still wasn’t sure if he could provoke a host to kill me.  But I now knew that they could hurt me.  And I know that Nathaniel will hurt me.  I know that he wants to.
I am told I don’t need to finish school this year, after my ordeal.  I can still graduate, if I want to, with my class.  I laugh.  I won’t be going to college.  My ordeal?  If only they knew.  Being away from school does allow me to keep those I love safe.  More importantly, it allows me the time I need to find Mirras!
A week before my birthday:
I am on an unfamiliar block.  I come across an older gentleman, who mows his lawn every day rain or shine. Every day.  I don’t approach him at first. He looks like Mr. Clean, bald and strong, but has a constant scowl, and in truth I am intimidated.  I spend two days watching him cut his grass before I develop enough courage to speak to him. Once I approach him, however, his entire demeanor changes. A huge smile, much like that of the real Mr. Clean, spreads across his face.  He acts as though he has known me for years, has been expecting me, and is disappointed I haven’t come by for a visit much much earlier!
His name is Taylor.  Garner Taylor. He is the oldest remaining homeowner in our town, and he claims to know everyone that lives here, and anyone that ever lived here. And he still mows his own lawn!  He knows me. He knows Andrew. He knows Ellie. He even knew Cooper. And he knew Mother, and remembers her and her struggles from years past. He remembers how difficult it was for her when my father never returned. He remembers me as a baby, and still more.   He remembers the man that came into Mother’s life, that loved her, and me, and helped us through the difficult times, and then left us.  He remembers Mirras!
And Mr. Taylor knows why he left us. He is hesitant to tell me, until I explain the grisly end of Mother’s life, and her wish for me to find and know that man that GarnerTaylor knew to have loved her and me at one time. After two more days of afternoon conversation and positioning, a slow, intentional dance intended to transfer the lead from him to me, he finally breaks. He can’t imagine I would ever find peace with this information, with the facts too horrible. He refuses to share all of the details with me. But, finally, I wear him down to the point where he acknowledges my right to learn directly from the man himself the reason he left Mother and me. And he gives me a name.
Giuseppe Mirras. Joseph. My stepfather is Joe Mirras.
Today:October 4.  My birthday.
And so it is after many years, I find myself outside the walls of State Prison, where resides the man Mirras, my stepfather, serving time for a crime no one is willing to speak out loud.  It made sense suddenly that it took this long to find him.  Being a child before today, I would have been denied access to see him. But now, October 4, my eighteenth birthday, the powers that be are compelled to allow me entry. I’m mature, and dressed in classy attire, with a fine dress, hat and scarf.  I simply look old enough to visit a prison.  And so they are compelled to allow me to see my stepfather, incarcerated for a deed I’ve yet to learn. It has been over sixteen years, so certainly he must be a murderer.
There seems to be something about the men in my family.  They are all killers.
No one can believe that Joseph Mirras has a visitor.  He hasn’t had one.  Ever.  Not even a lawyer.  They are surprised to hear that I am his daughter.  Very surprised.  I am ushered into a small room, with a small table and two stools.  Behind the table are two very strong chains.  Their purpose becomes evident as they bring in a tall man, seat him at a small stool at the other side of the table, and immediately chain both of his hands securely to the wall behind him.  It is meant for my protection.  They ask if I would like them to stay while we talk, and of course I tell them no.  We’d both be locked up here if they were to hear what I had to say.  So they leave us.  Alone.
I gaze at this man.  His head is lowered, so all I see is long, wild, light but graying hair covering his face. We sit in silence for a moment.  It seems that Joe Mirras is able to create a loud silence that discomforts me so, so I speak first.
“Mr. Mirras.  Joe?”
He lifts his head up, not expecting a girl’s voice, I imagine.
Very clumsily, I say, “I’m…Um…I’m your…”
And very suddenly his eyes brighten and moisten.  A feeble but joy-filled smile spreads across his face as he breathes, “Mira!”
I didn’t see it coming.  It’s been so long since I’ve had someone smile at me that way.  So long since I’ve had family.  I’ve spent years searching for this man.  Years of failure and death and loss, and uncertainty.  And he knows me.  Just by looking at me, he knows me.  I didn’t see it coming.
And I crumble.  In tears.  He can’t get to me.  Can’t comfort me from his chains.
“Dad…oh dad.”
“Mira,” he says, through tears of his own, “What on earth are you doing here?”
“Dad, I came to see you.  I had to see you.  Mom wanted me to find you, to meet you.  I need to know what happened.  What happened to us?  What happened to you?  Why are you here?”
“Hmmm…Mira that doesn’t sound like your mother.  She wanted you to find me?  To meet me?  I can’t imagine that’s true.  Has something happened?”
“Mother is…well, she died.”  His face falls.  “Finding you, meeting you was her last wish for me.”
“I see.”  Joseph Mirras nods slightly.
“Why did you leave?  I need to know what happened.  I’m in some trouble, and I need to know.”
He sighs, then very calmly, and adoringly, says “Mira, you are just as beautiful as you were as a baby.  Just as beautiful as your mother was when I met her.”
This time I allow the silence to bear the weight of my request.  I want to know him, my father, but I need answers.  And I need them quickly.  Now, or sooner.  So, I look him in the eyes and let the question hang, a deafening silence of my own.
“Mira, I’m so sorry for your troubles.  What you need to know is that I didn’t love your mother when your father was alive.  I knew her, and you to a degree, but we weren’t acquaintances.  Then your father died, and you were all alone.  She was beautiful, and you were a beautiful baby, and I fell in love very quickly.  It wasn’t safe for your mother to keep her name at that point, so I married her, and gave her mine.”
This is an interesting piece of information, I think.  I can’t imagine why mother would need to change our names.  I’m tempted to interrupt, and learn more about this fact, but I don’t want to discourage him from speaking more.
“Mira, I loved you, and I loved your mother.  I did not want to end up here.  I wanted to stay, with you both.  I wanted to be with you today when you celebrated your birthday, and every birthday up to this point.  I had so little time…”
He’s stalling.
“Then what happened?” I implore, not crossly.  “Dad…what happened?”
“Mira…things were not well at the house.  I’m sure your mother never told you.  But things were…not well.  And I had to do something..and…”
At this point, tears are streaming down his face, as he looks directly on the many years he’s missed with me.  With Mother.  He means it!
“Mira…I did something horrible.  I had to, but it was unforgivable.  That’s why I’m here!”
With this, he breaks.  He cannot lean forward for fear of breaking his arms, but his body slumps and shudders from the many years of guilt he has accumulated from that one act.  For years, I’d assumed that Nathaniel took revenge on Mother for remarrying this man.  But it seems it is much more than that.  As much as I want to cry, and forgive, and just love my father in this very moment, I am sure that this one act must be the key to why Nathaniel is haunting me and killing anyone that knows me.  This one unforgivable crime.  And I must know.
“Dad.”
I wait.  Just a moment.
“Dad.  I really need you to tell me what it is.  It’s important.  My life…well…my life may depend on it.  Dad.  Please…”
And, with this, his bowed head nods, slightly, and still shaking lifts up to find my eyes.  I see, briefly, in that moment, how much he always loved me.
“Mira…I…I need you to give me your scarf now.”
And with that, his eyes are gone.  Nathaniel has him.  Just like that, I’ve led Nathaniel and all my hopes to the only person that could help me against him.  Nathaniel, the one who likely hates him most.  The man I didn’t even know I’d missed my entire life, will be gone soon.  I had only a moment to understand his intense love for Mother and me, and now I’ve killed him.  And it will be horrible.  In so many ways.
But why did he ask for my scarf?  Oh.  Yes, of course, how unoriginal.  And I simply won’t give it to him.
Wait.  Damn it!
Nathaniel is possessing me too.  This is new.  I didn’t know he could control more than one person at a time.  The reality of that fills me with horror, almost as much horror as watching my hands undo my scarf, the one I picked out just to meet my father.  I remove it, and watch my hands tie precisely the knot he needs.  How do I even know how to do this?  It leaves my hands, and floats to Joseph Mirras, resting, briefly, around his neck, as it had mine only seconds before.  It then tightens around his neck, and he immediately struggles for air.
He doesn’t know what’s happening, but I do.  I have only one chance.  I must call to my father.
Firmly, I say, “Dad!  Dad I can’t stop this.  I can’t help you, but you can still help me.  I need you to tell me what you did!  You have to tell me now!”
I see him struggle, the other end of the scarf, suddenly long enough to reach the ceiling, and I want to cry.  I want so much to jump over the table but I’m held fast.  In this moment, and for the first time, I do not hear the cry of the chalky child as it claims its next victim.
Instead, he is laughing!
I’m screaming desperately.  Surely someone will hear.  The door!  It’s locked.  Somehow from the inside, and no one can get in.  No one can help.  I stay firm.
“Dad!  Please.  Tell me now!”
And as my Father’s body is lifted up, I see a glint.  I see a moment of recognition as he looks at me deeply, and with the last remaining strength, he finally tells me his crime, which put him here, and which has led to his death in this moment.
“Mira…I…killed a baby….Mira I lo…”
With that, his body rises to the top of the ceiling, and the end of the scarf wraps itself around a low beam.  As he rises, the chains rip Joseph’s hands off at the wrists, and he continues to rise until he reaches a certain point.  Then, his body stops rising, drops suddenly, and hangs.  Like any prison suicide.  Like any murder.  Except the body hung itself, and blood is pouring out onto the floor from his wrists.  And there is only me, left with his final words.  And his final words left unspoken, but understood.
“I love you too, Dad,” I quietly sob.
The door suddenly opens and I’m ushered out by a throng of guards, and into custody.  Nobody knows how, but I somehow killed Joe Mirras the babykiller.  Hung him up.  A girl of my size, and a man of his.  I can tell they are frightened and unsure, and they should be.  Because I did kill him.  Because I’m a fool.
I am imprisoned for only a few days.  Then, I am released.  The only thing I can tell is that despite the fact that nobody else could have killed him but I, that evidence simply just doesn’t make sense.  So I’m told firmly not to leave the state, to stay at my home.  To stay out of trouble.  I laugh. If only they knew.
I am then sternly brought to the main office to process out, and immediately see the reason for my sudden release.  Doppelmacher.  He has come to my aid, made bail, somehow convinced the authorities to let a murderer into his care.  But I’m grateful, and exhausted.
The entire car ride home I sleep.
Then the car stops, back at the home I grew up in, lost two fathers in, met my ghost in, and saw my mother murdered in.  Now, my father, the one that I knew, is gone too.  I look at Doppelmacher, at the wheel, and he slowly turns, and returns my gaze.  But it isn’t disapproval on his face.  There’s no anger, or disappointment.  He, too, is adoring me.  Like Joseph did.  For only the second time in my life, and the second time this week, I am overcome by the love of an adult.  For the second time, I weep unconftrollably.
Doppelmacher also weeps, and grabs my face and says, “No, oh no Mira.  Stop.  Please stop.  My poor baby girl.”
And I allow myself the paternal comfort for a moment, as I regain my calm and my strength.  I will need it for what’s next.
“Doppelmacher,” I say.  “Thank you.  Thank you…”
He smiles, and grunts a short laugh.  “Mira, no.  You don’t have to thank me.  And you don’t need to call me that any more.  My name is Rauch.  Not Doppelmacher.  Rauch.  I’ve known your mother much longer than she let on, and I have known you for your whole life.”
A pause.  A quiet one, much like the only quiet silences I am capable of.  Then the silence, and all reality, break with his next words.
“I think it’s time we talk about your brother.”
There is something in his smile and his gaze that feels familiar, from a memory long forgotten, long before the appearance of the chalky child.
And then, suddenly, everything makes sense.
Credit To – MeGoMike/MeGoMirras
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend
