
* Writer’s note – Originally published 2006 in Dark Fire Fiction. I am the author and own the story rights.
“It’s time I told you about loss, boy.”
We sat, my Pa and I, beneath the old great willow that marked the end of our property and the beginning of God’s country. It had been a glorious day. The midafternoon sun had chased away the rain clouds, bringing spring’s balmy touch to an otherwise inclement week. My Pa had met the morning with our fishing rods and tackle, as if knowing the day’s meteorological outcome beforehand, and together we headed for the lake, splashing through the mud puddles like two boys who didn’t have a care in the world.
“Are you listening to me, son?”
But the day had slipped by (as all days must) and I knew the night would regenerate the cold. The smooth bark of the willow I was sitting against suddenly felt too hard, digging into my back as if it was trying to push me into the lake. The shadows from our fishing rods had changed position, and I felt a chill as the willow branches swayed in the breeze.
My Pa was staring at me; I could feel his eyes, but I couldn’t look at him, not with that strange remark hanging in the air between us. Instead, I glanced over to the water and the fish we had caught this morning. Six largemouths were hooked to the chain stringer, mostly tranquil, but occasionally one would fight for position and send the others into a swishing frenzy. I wondered if the familiarity of the water soothed them, or did they actually know they were being held captive and destined for the fire?
I heard the striking of a match and smelled the exhaled smoke from my Pa’s cigarette. The story was coming… whether I wanted it or not.
“Yes, Pa?” I said timidly, still not looking at him. A lone shad swam by, searching for food along the bank. One of the bass made a grab for it despite the chain in its gill.
“A terrible loss, son,” my father began, “is something you can never forget. Some people will tell ya’ otherwise, but those people either are fools, or they be people who’s never lost anything that ever had any meaning to ’em. Now your auntie Vera knows loss, though you never could’a known it ’cause she’s always walking around with that smilin’ apple pie face—bless her sweet heart, but what happened to your uncle Jarvis is tearing her up inside.”
My uncle Jarvis had been killed on the Mekong, another statistic of the Vietnam war. His body had been railed in from Council Bluffs, and was now buried at Cedar Hill Memorial along with two other boys who had given their lives for our great country. After the funeral, Vera had stayed with us for a few days, helping my Pa with the chores and baking and cleaning house just like my Ma used to do. I understood Pa’s statement—auntie Vera had looked like the happiest woman alive when she was with us—but I also understood about death (as much as any 10 year old could understand) and I had seen Vera crying on my pa’s shoulder while they listened to the taped messages my uncle sent home before the grenade fragment had taken his life. My father still listened to those tapes, and on one occasion I had spied on him while he sat drunk and weeping, listening to my uncle talk about how much he missed his family.
“I understand,” I said, believing I knew the procession of my father’s thoughts.
“No, son,” Pa said slowly. “I don’t think you do.”
And then I did look at him—though my heart told me not to—and what I discovered was a stranger who had cast off all apparel of parental congeniality. The stranger was wearing my father’s checkered flannel shirt—the coffee stains much in evidence in spite of the constant washings—but the fabric clung to skin that seemed hardened by doubt, by decisions that had blasted away the carefree naivete of youth. The balding pate was the same, twin wisps of graying hair flattened back over the ears, but this forehead was crossed with tight lines, their engravement enhanced by his furrowed brow. The smoke from his cigarette obscured his face, weaving a filmy cobweb where only his eyes could find purchase. They locked me in their gaze, hard and unblinking blue orbs which knew neither respite nor forgiveness.
“Because loss is something you can’t understand,” the stranger said. Then he gave me a gentle smile; a smile my pa might have given me if the day had remained unchanged. “It hurts too much. It burrows down into your insides like a worm, gobbling up everything you are, until all that’s left is the loss.”
I nodded my head, secretly hoping something would grab my hook: another bass, a bluegill, a mermaid, I didn’t care what, as long as it freed me from the stranger’s spell.
“It’s like you get a new puppy for your birthday,” the stranger continued, and I cringed as my fear began to follow his words. “And it’s just a scrawny thing, no bigger than your hand, but you’re overjoyed just the same ’cause the puppy takes a liking to you, and you to it, and right away you know you belong to each other.”
The stranger paused in his recital. For a brief moment I thought I could see the Day’s father peering from underneath. “That’s a special feeling, son. A good feeling – knowing something so intimately you feel it belongs to ya’.
“After a while you start to love that puppy: you love the way he plucks food from your hand; you love how he twirls around in circles, chasing his tail and yapping all to high heaven; and you be deciding that he’s just the best damn thing since long underwear on a blizzard night. You name him—he belongs to you now—and he becomes another part of your life, like he’s been there from the beginning.
“But there’s other things, too, that have been with you since the beginning; other appetites fighting for your attention: your need for learning and your needs for maturity; your desires for play; the innocence we all have that scoffs at responsibility and the necessities of everyday life.
“Time passes; the years roll by like boxcars in a train; and you get older, the puppy becomes a dog, and the world becomes a bigger place as you discover it has more to offer a boy than just his own backyard and the friendship of a pet.
“Finally, one day, you grow tired of the dog’s company. I won’t say bored—that’s like saying you get bored of those stories you’re always writing, and I know that ain’t the truth—but you do put your pencil down sometimes, to go off and do other things. But you always go back to your stories. You don’t actually give ’em up for dead, right? You just get tired of the same old rigmarole, so your mind starts a’wandering, and you take off in pursuit of other fancies.”
The stranger’s voice dropped a tone. Images of my own dog, Rufus, were spinning in my head, and I found myself leaning forward to hear the rest of his words:
“What you don’t stop to consider is that dog of yours gets tired, too. And if you ain’t around, he’s gonna wander off on his own, maybe into unfamiliar territory—some place where you can’t protect him. He might get lost, or—and I know this ain’t something any child should have to go through—but… but he could even get hit by a truck, or caught in one of those muskrat traps the Haskal brothers have been putting out.”
There it was: as blunt as a poor man’s gravestone. In that moment of final revelation, the day lost its glitter, fading from a father-son affair full of camaraderie and mutual passion to a sugarcoated tragedy. Rufus had been missing for a week now, his food bowl untouched, the mornings undisturbed by his barking as he hailed me off to school. But today’s warmth had dismissed all thoughts of his absence. I tried to call up a picture of him in my mind… and failed. Even the memories eluded me. Something else pervaded on my thoughts, and I remembered the muskrat traps, those steel jaws spaced around the lake like the fangs of devils that had invaded paradise. The grown-up-bud inside me (something alien and as yet just a seedling) earnestly hoped he hadn’t suffered.
The child prevailed, though, as my hands balled up into fists and covered my eyes to join my tears in blocking out the world. I was dimly aware of the stranger watching my reaction. I hated him at that moment. I wanted him to go away, to pack up his tale of woe and return to whatever terrible place he’d come from. But I knew he would not go away until I asked the question neither one of us wanted to hear:
“Rufus is dead, isn’t he?”
Silence followed my question; even the breeze was still. I felt lost. Alone. With the exception of the fecal worm smell wafting from my fingers, my senses were dulled, as if I was enclosed in a vacuum.
The reply stunned me back into awareness: “No, son, he’s not.”
I pulled my hands away from my eyes, daring to hope. The stranger was gone, replaced by my Pa, his form outlined by the light of the descending sun, and I noticed for the first time how old he’d become, not only in his physical appearance (the crow’s feet and wrinkles were a gradual process of age, and I accepted this), but also in the manner in which he resolved himself, as if he was comprised of words and experiences that said: “Here is what I am; a vessel of years and nothing more.” Faced with this utter absoluteness, a spark of wisdom ignited inside me, and I caught a brief glimpse of what it truly must mean to be alone. I became ashamed of my tears, knowing my Pa had lost so much more than me when my mother passed away.
“My dog’s dead, ain’t he?” I said concedingly, feeling like a boy who had unexpectedly stumbled upon his manhood. “I can take it, Pa, you know I can. I’ve been thinking about ma, and how—”
“He ain’t dead, and I don’t want you fretting about it,” Pa interrupted.
“Then why—”
“Why’d I tell you a story like that one? ‘Cause I thought it was time, son,” Pa said flatly, and I heard the truth in his words—or, at least, the truth he wanted me to hear. “First, I ain’t too old to know when a boy is speaking from his guts ‘stead his heart, and I appreciate that, but the gut don’t always speak the truth, and that can lead to trouble later on. I’ve been thinking about your Ma, too. Ain’t a day goes by that I don’t. I try to remember all the good times we had, but for some reason all I can think about is how powerless I was to stop the pneumonia from taking her away. Sometimes I think I should’ve done something else to save her, but that’s my gut talking, ’cause I know in my heart there ain’t nothin’, boy, nothin’ I could’a done. And that’s the worst feeling in the world.”
Pa put another cigarette to his lips, and closed his eyes. I remained silent, afraid to speak and shatter his confession.
“Powerless,” Pa repeated. He shook his head violently, as if he was battling some inner turmoil. A vacant emotion slithered across his face, a thing that had nothing to do with the midafternoon sun or the glorious day it produced. “That’s loss, son. That’s true loss, when something happens and all you can do is stand there and wish it hadn’t. I’d do anything—anything at all—to protect you from that terrible feeling.”
Twilight enfolded us. The crickets in the brush began their nightly chirping, seeming to invoke the dark as they sang to their mates. It was still too cold for mosquitoes, but I felt as if they were already buzzing around my head, trying to force me to seek cover. The catch of the day were fading into shadow, reclaimed by the murky lake. The glorious day was escaping, and I ventured a question, hoping to reinstate its glamour before it vanished completely:
“Is Ma in Heaven?”
The answer drifted from the darkness: “No.”
No? That simple statement shocked me more than anything else my father had said. We were never churchgoing, not even when my Ma was alive, but I liked to think there was something out there—heaven or not—where the dead could go to find peace. “But Pastor Simmons says there’s a heaven,” I said, “and when we die we go there if we’ve been good.”
“Let me tell you something about preacher Simmons, boy.” (And my father sort of sounded like a preacher himself as he spoke to me.) “He’s a dreamer. Mark my words, son—he ain’t going nowhere, and neither are we. Simmons is like those Commies they got runnin’ all over Asia right now; the ones who killed your uncle Jarvis. Now they talk a big tale, talk on about changing the world and such, but they’re just the same—just dreamers. And dreamers ain’t nobody lessen they be asleep.”
He started reeling in our lines then, and I figured we were done for the day, that we would pack up and head home to clean the fish, but Pa had other ideas. He tied larger sinkers to the end of each line along with another leader, baited the hooks, and recast. The weights sailed through the gloom, making nearly inaudible plopping sounds as they broke the surface of the water. Pa lit the lantern and placed it beside me. “I want you to keep fishin’ for awhile,” he told me. And then, as if in answer to the question he knew I was going to ask, Pa said: “Do as you’re told, boy. Those fish’ll keep, and I got some repair work to do for Mr. Campton before the ‘morrow. If you catch anything—and I think you might if you got the patience to keep your pole in the water—string ’em with the others. Take my word for it, those bass won’t mind.”
Presently, he turned and strode away, my thoughts following his footsteps. Pa’s repair work—everything from overhauling tractor engines to fixing the Gurney twins’ bicycles—was our meat and potatoes, and I guess I should have felt lucky with having a father who worked at home, but it took up so much of his time, and I had no desire to join him in his mechanical tinkering. Besides, Pa’s work shed (along with the local tavern and the chicken farm run by girls out on Route 1) was one of those places that were off limits to me and my friends, and I respected his wishes. I knew it was his private place, like the stories I dream up are my private places, and I believed (and still do) that everyone should have a hideaway they can call their own.
The lake had once been one of those special hiding places, before the farmers on the east side sold their land, paving the way for the city’s extension and the intrusion of out-of-state businessmen whose ideals of privacy differed from us country folk. The war had put a halt to their invasion, but I knew it was only temporary. They’d be back, rending the earth with their machines that smelled like sulfur and belched black smoke into the air, destroying another hideaway. Perhaps this was why my father insisted I continue fishing; to enjoy the moment while it remained. Time was a fleeting thing, and the good times were fleeter still, slipping away to progress and death alike without so much as a considerate good-bye. I think he knew—as I knew—that time was definitely not on our side.
But time was all I had as I sat alone in the dark with only the bass and the echoes of my father’s story to keep me company. The feeble glare from the lantern did little to illuminate the jollity that had set with the sun. In fact, it seemed not to be illuminating anything at all, but rather allying itself with the night, and everything the night hid, compressing me into myself and forcing me to look inward at secrets I never knew existed. It was a time for self-analysis, and I realized I had never completely accepted my mother’s death, that a small part of me was always searching for signs of her presence. If she wasn’t in Heaven (as my father professed) then where was she? It wasn’t fair she had been reduced to photographs and hazy memories. It wasn’t right that I would have to spend the rest of my life without her. Selfish thoughts, I know, but I was also thinking of my father’s interests, and I’d come to the conclusion my Pa was wrong when he stated that the helplessness of loss was the most terrible thing in the world.
How the survivors responded to that loss was far more terrible.
Suddenly, the end of my pole started to bend, and I leapt out of my reverie, grateful for the distraction. So intent was I upon the catch, that I didn’t notice my father coming up behind me.
“Yeah, I thought they might be biting tonight,” he said, nearly startling me into dropping my pole. “Fight it, boy, fight it!” my Pa hollered, laughing as I strained against the weight. “That’s the morrow’s dinner, so don’t let it get away.”
My little arms went rigid with tension. My father ignored my cries for help, sipping at his flask, chuckling as I gasped and pulled and finally brought the catfish to shore. He tousled my hair and beamed at me as I unhooked the cat and displayed it with triumph.
“Ten pounds, Pa,” I said, beaming back at him. “Ten pounds at least.”
Pa took the fish, weighed it with his hands like all the true fishermen seem to do, and nodded in agreement.
Using chicken liver and patience we caught three more cats, though none as large as that first one, until Pa finished off his flask and started to yawn. It was the signal for our departure. “We’d best be getting home, son. I don’t want your Ma to have—”
Pa caught himself then and turned away, exhaling his whisky breath in a mournful sigh. The night hid his face, but I’m sure he was crying—or doing his best not to cry. I stumbled over words of reassurance, but fell short of the comfort I wanted to confer. There was no use denying the obvious. He still loved her—just as I loved her.
But when he turned back to me his face was dry, and I was pleased because I did not want this night to be spoiled as the day had been. We headed back to the house, Pa letting me carry the fish as if they were some sort of trophy, but he stopped me at the door.
“Mind your feet, boy. I don’t want you tracking mud all over the kitchen floor,” Pa said. He slipped his own boots off with a practiced skill I could not duplicate, and I was left on the stoop, fumbling with my own bootlaces.
And then I heard what I’d been longing to hear for the past week: the sound of Rufus’ barking. I called his name, steadying myself for the inevitable charge that would send me sprawling to the ground under a barrage of fur and wet dog licks, but the reunion never came. The barking continued, however, and I noticed how weak it sounded, as if Rufus’ voice was coming from the squawk box and being transmitted from far away. Fearing that my dog had been hurt after all, I tore off my boots and rushed into the kitchen.
My words of greeting never carried any further than my throat. Rufus was standing in the kitchen corner, next to the stove—just standing there. His tail lay limply against his hind leg, stiff and devoid of the wagging joy I had expected. His eyes were open, but empty of activity. Barren and glazed, they stared from above a blood-caked snout at surroundings without meaning.
“Rufus,” I muttered, taking a step toward him, my hands shaking uncontrollably, my mind reeling from the morbidity of the situation. I reached out to touch him and encountered the cold steel of the chicken wire that was spiraling up his legs and around his neck, supporting his broken body in an upright position. Tufts of his matted hair protruded from between the netting, brushing against my fingers with all the warmth of a terminal disease. Searching for a heartbeat, scanning madly for some sign of life, I bent down to peer into his face and saw my helplessness reflected in his dead eyes.
The barking sounds abruptly stopped, and my Pa picked up the tape recorder, carrying it into the parlor and sweeping past me without a word. I followed him to the entranceway, unable to speak, as he substituted the tape for another and placed the recorder on top of the book rack adjacent to the sewing chair. My mother’s sewing chair.
“C’mon, son, and give your ma a kiss before you go to bed,” Pa told me. He pressed the play button, all the while staring at me with an eager anticipation.
The significance of my father’s words became clear as my sight fell on the mass of tangled hair poking obtrusively over the back of the chair. A feeble shriek escaped my lips; the sound of a mouse caught in a trap. I backpedaled toward the kitchen, my sight fixed on my Pa as he leaned over and whispered a tender intimacy into the ear of that thing sitting before him. But I should have been watching where I was going. As I turned to flee, I ran into the motionless slab that was once my best friend, my hands flailing but too slow to stop my fall. Lying in a heap, my dog’s inanimate body beneath me, I struggled for breath and escape.
My father stood over me, scowling. “Let’s go, son,” he said harshly. He held a cleaver in his hand, pointing it at my face, its honed edge a warning against disobedience. “It’s getting late, and your Ma needs her rest. You can play with Rufus tomorrow.”
He strode past me, and began to align the fish on the cutting board.
“Hey, there, little man. I hope you and your pa had a fun day,” a voice said, and it was my mother’s voice, distant and autonomic, but carrying the same undertones of mirth I had stored in my memory. It made no difference that her speech was coming from the past. It alleviated my fear just the same, creating the wholesome image of my mother as she was before her death, tugging at my heart, and, before I knew what I was doing, I was shambling back toward the parlor.
Behind me, I heard the condemning whack of the cleaver as a fish head was severed.
“Go on, boy,” Pa said to my back when I hesitated at the threshold. My sight had restored my common sense. Whatever was sitting in that chair was definitely not my mother. “I don’t need no help cleaning these fish.”
Whack. The cleaver took off a tail.
As I dragged myself forward, I closed my eyes, sealing myself in darkness, attempting to hide myself from the horror that was waiting for me.
Whack. Another fish lost its head.
My Ma’s voice continued to call me: “Okay, I love you too. A kiss and then it’s off to bed.”
I tried to recall the setup of the parlor as my feet nudged me further into the room. I clenched my eyes even tighter, reaching out to my right to grasp the divan, using the edge of the cushion and the singsong messages of yesteryear to guide me—
“Mrs. Appleton tells me your studies are going well. I’m so proud of you. She says you’re her brightest student.”
A smell assaulted me as I drew closer, an odor like rotting cabbage in a storm cellar, and I imagined (for the sake of my sanity) that it was coming from the fish, although I knew that no fresh fish, live or dead, could emit a stench like that.
Whack.
Groping blindly, I stumbled into my destination, reaching out to anchor my balance. My eyelids inadvertently cracked open, and I pulled my hand back in disgust when I saw that the greasy support I was clutching was the back of the corpse’s skull. I quickly resealed my eyes, but not before I saw the skeletal claw gripping at the armrest, my mother’s wedding band hanging loosely from one bony digit.
The recorder—still continuing to spout nonsense: moments from Christmasses and birthdays past—was deafened by my father’s shout: “Soon as you give your Ma a kiss, I want you in the bath. Those chicken livers will stink you up for days if you don’t wash ’em off now.”
Giving in; knowing it was the only way to end this distasteful nightmare; I bent down and planted a kiss on what I assumed was my mother’s cheek. Something small and furry scurried across my lips, and I slapped it away as I drew back. My mouth filling with bile, I turned away and forced my eyes open.
Pa was standing at the parlor entrance, the slime-covered cleaver dangling from his hand. “All right, upstairs with you now.”
As I hurried up the stairs, I could hear my Ma calling to me: “I’ll be up later to tuck you in.”
* * * * *
I scrubbed. I scrubbed and brushed until I thought my hands and teeth were going to fall off. But it didn’t do any good. I can still feel that dank perversion pressing against my skin. I can still taste the stale decay in my mouth. And I can still hear my Pa, downstairs, speaking to that thing in the chair. Occasionally, I can hear my ma answer him.
Rufus is up here with me. Pa decided it was all right if he slept in my room tonight. I don’t mind. I need a friend right now more than anything, and although Rufus’ cold stare continues to disturb me, I know he means me no harm. He’s just scared, that’s all. And I’m sure he’ll come around.
Won’t you, boy?
He has to, because he’s coming with me. I’ve got my bags packed and, as soon as I’ve finished writing today’s events in my journal, I’m going to do what every kid has thought of doing at least once in his childhood: I’m going to run away from my… my family.
C’mon, Rufus. C’mon, Rufus.
I’m going now; I have to. I keep imagining tomorrow’s events: sitting captive at the dinner-table, eating fish, listening to the past, sitting next to it in the full light of day. I have to get out of here, because if I don’t I’m going to die. And if I die I don’t know where I’m going to end up.
Credit To – madinverse
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Try this. Turn off the music. Turn off the TV. If you have to, turn off the computer. Then go to another room, and sit. In total silence. Do you hear that? That ringing? People say it is your brain making up a sound to explain the silence.
People lied.
I cant tell you what is making that sound, but whatever it is, you don’t want to meet it. It is trying to break through. Force its way onto our plane of existence.
Now try this. Repeat the first steps. Turn everything off. This time, turn the lights off too. Still hear that ringing? Better hope you do. If you don’t, its because they have finally managed to break through.
And no amount of running will save you.
—
Credited to  TheCoffinDancer.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

In Central Australia, there is an unremarkable service station along a straight and barren stretch of road. If you walk straight in and ask for the key, you will be given an unremarkable key attached to an unremarkable piece of wood. The key will unlock a door at the service station, leading to an impossibly long stepped corridor, dimly lit from an unseen source. If you follow these stairs, you will begin to hear hungry cries of birds of prey that grow louder as you descend. After an amount of time, the light will vanish, leaving you in the dark, and a rasping voice will ask for your desires. For each desire, you will experience all the sensations, unforgettable, branded into your memory, of bodily mutilation, of being torn asunder by impossible strength, of having an arm slowly flayed, each nerve individually pulled from your flesh. You may speak as many desires as your sanity can take. Then you must turn and return up the steps and never look back. Return the key and go about your life. Your desires will be granted, but you will always have to live with the memories given to you in that dark place.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

At my young tender age, painting was the only psychoanalysis I ever needed to retreat to, or how common people call it therapy. Every hour in the morning until the sun rises, my brush strokes back and forth. It tells a part of a story I wish to tell, but I am only full of fear. The brush strains itself dry with repressed fear as its ink.
What did I paint this time in the morning?
 
A bird.

My first night under the new full moon in the summer was an everyday moment. The repeating cycle forced upon the cold shadows of what used to be formal civilization. I tried to close my eyes, entering into a tranquil state, relieving myself from the pain of familiar faces.
Entering the other side of my mind, the visions and experiences to which my emotions created.
A dream. One night I entered.
One night I took in the unexpected.
One night I envisioned a corrupt identity.
Visions blurred around, but at once I reasoned to the fact I was falling into deep space. My eyes closed shut, to let the feeling sink in. Unsteadiness arose when my bare feet felt cool slabs of brick.
This is quite strange, I thought.
I’m outside.
There I was on my hands and feet, rising up to wave around, feeling any possible walls in this pitch-dark environment. Only two walls reached my grasp, side by side. If there was a passage, there was a way out. I took a light step forward with one hand on the wall. Light was up ahead, and my hand lost touch at the end. Something rushed by inches from my face. My eyes deceived me, for that was not a train, creature, or being, it was a coach.
A coach? Have I gone mad?
The rush of wind trailing behind caught my legs, forcing them back down on the pavement. Whatever this place was, nothing of modern living was shown. Old street lamps in black lighted each corner. All of the buildings were in a crimson color; to where I stood was an abandoned alley.
My Lungs dropped abruptly, choking and wheezing for a gasp of air. Grey paste retched out of my system, relieving the pain my lungs had.
“Oh! The indecency!” said a woman above me. The paste stained her dress and petticoat. She scrunched her little nose, tossing her head the other way. People treaded across the grey puddle, all mimicking the woman’s disgusted face.
Retreating to the alley was the only choice now. There was a stinging pain across my head and heavy shoulders dragged me down. Rest was inevitable now.
 
Very little time had passed in my struggle to rest. The night grew darker with nobody around. I had very shallow strength to walk, but it was not time to worry about.
The well-kept perfection of nothing out of place chilled my knees. There stood lit lamps, cool breeze, no quarrelsome ruffians or pestering chats. Everything kept in place.
I stood up at the sound of a slow clacking noise down the pavement. On a corner across the alley, stood a lamp where a shadow grew closer.
 
It was a woman.

The woman clicked in her heels quickly, clutching both arms in the cold. She lifted her head up to catch a glimpse of the night sky. Such an illuminating beauty she was. However her eyes encountered a different story. They sunk in deeply, losing color in the iris of what should have been hazel. The woman lowered her head on the lamppost, exhibiting weary highlights of indigo and violet in her hair. Outbursts of sobbing were all she did.
“Get the damn girl…Wait! There is no…either that filth…. YOU HEAR ME? DEAD!”
Unknown thoughts stung me various times, burrowing its messages in my head like swarming wasps. I kept bashing at my forehead, believing this was a demented illusion. Every vein retracted inside. Something was pulling strings, since I could not even twitch. The strain held back blood from my beating heart. It would skip for seconds until it ceased to beat at all. Death nearly took me away, but the hidden force released me and I collapsed.
Faint laughter was heard from the entity.
“…Lucky…sense…here…he…here…. He’s here. Fufufu-hahaha………such…queer…you…are…”
At the corner, the woman ceased to stop wailing. What stopped her wails was the sound of another’s footsteps. She flinched at its shadow coming near the lamppost.
The lamppost shined on a tall man in a dark cloak with his fingers in white and sharpened at the tip.
His face is what shook me.
Only a white bird mask covered his face. There was little skin on his right cheek, and red meat dangled on the side. The woman looked at the damage with sad eyes. I listened deeply to the woman’s voice of anguish, hearing not a hint of what I could understand. The man spoke softly to calm her down. She stomped a heel, yelling at him in frustration. He took a hard slap from the woman and yelled in agony of the dangling meat ripping away. His white hand seized her arm. She whimpered at his impatience, hearing the dark tone in his threat. But the man could not bear seeing her forlorn.
He openly embraced the woman, soothing her fear with words.
“You…ignore…happiness. Have…”
The entity returned.
I had enough of the message it tried to send.
“This cannot change on what I believe in. Possessive thoughts are for the driven.” I told the invisible being.
What was I saying…?
“Fools? You. Better…even the girl…DAMN LIFE-“
“SHUT UP!” I covered my ears, no to believe the insanity in me.
“Would…you…to be happy?”
“Happy?”
“Yes…only…to…rid…pain…slaughter…his…cherishment.”
There was a moment I had, looking at my right hand.
EVERYTHING HAS AN END.
 
The wretched bastard fooled me by being apologetic. Every day she visited less and less, until a note was written to me on how she was happy in Lock Haven, with him as her betrothed. Bitter days raised and desolate nights set. That was an end to our friendship. And my madness as an animal opened.
“End…it.” The entity murmured.
I tightened my right hand into its very grasp with crimson trickling down.
There was a blade in my hand.
Not a damn would be given over the pain; I slit the rest of my palm and held the handle in my left hand. The woman had been given the man’s cloak for warm comfort. They walked separated paths after dealing with conflict. I paced forward in her direction. She seemed detached of worries over any possible danger in the night.
 
I pounced upon the woman’s petite figure, stuffing my fingers in her mouth to block any uttering shriek.
My blade punctured her face numerous times. The absolute rush of releasing my demented rage was everything to me!
Pride. Wrath. Melancholy. Emotions representing harsh cloaked feelings.
Sympathy. Joy. Care. Emotions those are full of untouched beauty.
All the colors splattered around and mixed their contents to make sheer and brilliant crimson! Everywhere! EVERYTHING!
But everything has an end.
The man had dashed to her muffling cries, kicking me right off the woman. He pulled out a sword to finish me, but it turned to ashes. The man and woman disappeared.
And so did the world.
 
Dark dust rose with fog surrounding me. The dust formed a cloak; under its shadow was a hideous face with deep holes scowling in disgust.

Its neck creaked each inch, raising the head toward me. The being slurred:
“Envy has. …Become… Your master….”
The face outstretched itself, growing long teeth and a slick tongue. It charged right at me.

“NO!”
My lungs peaked at its height in an attempt to breathe. I was alone in bed, looking at the alarm clock.
5:09.
The sun has not risen yet.
My right hand seemed empty, no cuts, and no blade. Not even a dark thought that stung my head. I let out a deep sigh of solace. There was no need to go back to sleep. I had a conjecture over her happy ending. It was her fault for choosing that man. My only loss of regret was not choosing to see her again. Without a helping hand, she could have been lost. Seeing them both happy was enough to make me repulsed.
 
The thought made me chuckle a little.
“Five more minutes of sleep would do…”
 
Misery had always been The Artist’s great friend. Even in the lowest of times, I can’t help but reflect back on those dark times in my paintings.
Look, I even painted the moon, with one side dark and one side light.

 
 
Credit To – Atzin
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

He awoke to the silence of the earth. Wisps of broken grass touched his cheek as the wind carried them away to an unknown destination. The sky was black, while no truly living thing stirred. John did not know how long he had been unconscious, but the blanket of stars above left him in no doubt that it had been for at least several hours. The sickness remained, though not as potent, but the wound in his side still wept blood. Rising to his feet it became clear that his body was still under the effects of whatever was on that hill. In the intoxication of it, the world still possessed a fluid, watery form, but on closing his eyes for a moment he felt that he had somehow become accustomed to it, at least to the point where he could gain his bearing and find a route to escape.
Luck was on his side as the moon was present above, albeit only as a partial, waning crescent. This provided him with enough illumination to gauge the strange world and its shapes which surrounded him. He was unsure if he remained where he had fallen as the ancient standing stones, which he remembered vividly and with no little sense of dread, were nowhere to be seen. But as he stood there with his hand vainly attempting to stem the blood from his side, a frightening realisation crept towards him. John found it difficult to convey to me in simple words what that was, but he described it as ‘the rules of nature upturned’. Nothing seemed to make sense, for a moment he did not know who he was, why he was there, and what abominable source was causing such illness in him. He seemed to retain the knowledge of the hill and a memory of the church, but his thoughts were turbulent and disconnected. Fleeting moments of identity would quickly be surpassed and replaced by utter confusion. But regardless of the affliction, one constant remained; his instincts pleaded with him to leave that place immediately. But in this fragile state of mind, he could not tell which way would lead him down to the land below, and which route would send him upward, to whoever or whatever sat on the summit. The sensory intoxication was an experience unlike any other – the world unravelled.
A smell of sickness tinged the air. Whether it was his own vomit or the illness playing tricks, he did not know, but within that stench there was something else. A smell of dampness mixed with the unsettling scent of burnt hair. It became so strong that it began to sting John’s eyes, which only furthered his disorientation. Though his eyes were clouded by tears and the world seemed wrong, he now sensed what he could only describe as a presence. The musty smell increased in potency and as it did, John let out a cough. The response to the noise was distinct, and though he believed that it was impossible to know the mind of someone – something approached and it did so with malice and hatred as its companions.
Terror now turned to fleeting purpose as he quietly wandered passed shadowed trees and amongst the wild grass hoping to find his way out. Staggering as he fumbled his way through the darkness, the pain in his side grew and thoughts of dying out there on the hill, never to be found by his loved ones, became apparent. For a moment he thought that he would collapse once more, but while the sickness intensified, it was now accompanied by the sound of dead grass and wilted flora being thrust aside, as something trudged through the undergrowth nearby. John’s vision was now so poor that he could not tell which way was forward and which back, and in fleeting moments of clarity he felt repulsed by the idea of ending up back at the church or the stones, or graves – unsure of what they had been. He was utterly lost, and something which called that hideous hillside home now approached.
Be still.
But silence, nor darkness could shield him. No realm of oblivion could provide obscurity, for a wickedness as old as the earth now stalked a man who once laughed in the face of superstition and myth. The air grew denser and what little light the sliver of moon above provided, diminished as though it were being sucked deep into the ground with no escape. Then, nothing. The noise of branches and grass being broken and pushed aside ceased, and in its place a void of sound, almost unbearable. At the end of his nerves, John could feel any remaining vestige of hope or escape abandon him. It was close, its breath could be felt upon the air; foul, rancid, as of something which long ago lived and yet had not relinquished the desire to cause hurt and pain. Then movement. Dead leaves cracked under its weight, the long grass which had seemed so impenetrable, so dominant now torn and broken with each shuffling stride. The only thought in John’s mind now was to hide. Slowly, his breath stuttered and quietly gasping, he sank into the long grass, and there he lay; silent, terrified.
The presence was closer still, and in the darkness he thought that at times he could see the vague shape of a figure wandering just out of reach. It circled slowly, coming closer then retreating as if searching the ground meticulously. Then finally, the sound of its cumbersome footsteps grew distant, and then ceased. John breathed a sigh of relief.
Then a hand touched his face.
Survival now took him and with a yell of utter terror he rolled onto his side. Searing pain ran through his body, as his own weight and motion thrust an uneven piece of ground deep into his wound. A low grown escaped from whatever monstrosity stood before him and then, without knowing which way to proceed, John became motivated by a new impetus, jumping to his feet and bolting in a random direction, hoping beyond hope that it would lead out of that madness. That nightmare.
Trees and grass flew by in the pitch black of night. A thick miasma of sickness and burnt hair encircled everything, eliciting convulsive retching as he ran. At last he knew where he was, he had his bearing and it was one which he hoped he would never possess again. The church loomed tall and twisted before him. Something hurtled through the trees behind and in a moment it would be upon him. At least he knew which direction to go, running as he did to the side, towards the path which he had ascended earlier in the day, a worn track which would lead him to safety. But the land appeared unfamiliar and unnatural. The very shape and construction of his environment seemed to have bent to an unknown and malevolent mind. He had to continue on, to get away from what pursued him. The path must have been in that direction!
Then, finally he broke through a line of bushes and trees into a clearing. His heart sank to depths he did not know. There stood the church once more, but it appeared different somehow. By night the building seemed to possess a more sinister and bizarrely altered form from its daytime persona. For a moment John imagined its steeple to be not of rock, stone, or concrete, but of vine and earth and wood, spiralling towards a heaven which had long since spat it out at the world.
The rustle of trodden leaves approached once more as he stumbled and gasped for air. The pain from his wound was now almost unbearable, each step forward accompanied by an internal, blinding, tearing sensation. Forced to flee across the face of the church by his stalker, John moved as best he could, staggering and limping, weak and exhausted, entering a thick network of brambles and thorns. His clothes caught as the barbed appendages of the plants scratched at his face and arms. It was no use, he could not outrun what was coming. Looking over his shoulder, someone was clearly ripping through the branches only a few feet behind.
Fear coursed through John’s veins as his stalker now bore down on him. Letting out a cry of pain and anguish, the thing amongst the branches seemed to stop for a moment, observing him struggle, his hands cut and grazed by thorns. John pulled and grabbed at the thicket in front trying to escape, and then to chill his bones once, the figure behind stared, letting out a harrowing groan – somewhere between a laugh and a sigh of satisfaction. It began moving at great speed, breaking through the entangled cage of thorns and branches with ease, closing in quickly.
With a scream of pain and disbelief, John finally broke free of the thorns’ embrace, but despair haunted him. There the church stood once more, almost mocking, twisted and warped in ways that no human architect could conceive of. Staggering with little fight left, he moved passed the church once more as his assailant broke through the tree line, rushing towards him. John increased his pace as best he could, but by now he could muster little speed. The heavens now opened, and swathes of liquid poured over the church, flowing to the ground beneath which quickly became sodden and water-logged.
John’s strength diminished as he fell to his knees, admitting defeat as a hunted animal relents at the end. Then, salvation. From far away shone a light. One which beamed and broke through the almost impenetrable surrounding thickets. Something to hold on to. To hope. An anchor to follow, a light from outside that terrible hill. As the sound of his pursuer neared, scrambling across the grass in darkness, one last surge of energy awoke John from his terrible fate. The sight of light and life reignited what small vestige of hope remained. He screamed in agony as he lifted himself to his feet, the rain now lashing down upon him, drenched to the bone, pouring into the hole in his side. But it did not matter. All that mattered was that light, and the safety which it promised. Limping as quickly as he could in its direction, he thrust himself into the vines and branches of the entangled woodland, fear overriding any pain brought about as thorns scratched and cut at his skin.
Yet, he was making progress, and the light began to loom larger and larger; vibrant and sustaining. It was clear now that he was heading downhill and as the momentum of his trajectory caused stumble and fall after fall. It also increased his speed markedly. Flashes of memories not his own once again invaded his mind, thoughts of anger and hatred filled his vision; images of the church never empty yet absent of the living – as the priest reared his hands, so bowed the congregation’s heads.
Confusion was beginning to seep into him again, and the smell of burnt hair once more filled the world around. Though cumbersome, his stalker could be heard increasing pace, yet it seemed more agitated than it had before. Angered, perhaps even frustrated. John felt sick with panic, the blood now pouring from the wound in his side, unimpeded. Just as the light seemed closest; the promise of redemption, safety, and escape loomed near, he flew down a steep incline of grass, slipping in the wet mud and tumbled at speed to the ground. Pain, exhaustion, and hopelessness ruled supreme as his body, already battered and bruised, came to rest on top of a large fallen tree trunk.
The clambering footsteps drew near, and as they did so John thought to himself that he and that which he laid upon had both been victims of a cruel and hidden evil which called that hillside home.
‘Come on, son. Get up! Get up!’ a voice yelled in the darkness, almost drowned out by the now fervent breaking of ground and grass behind.
The world seemed warped, but as consciousness now prepared to wither once more from his mind, clarity returned and John realised where he was. His body was slumped not against a fallen tree, but against the wooden gate which marked the boundary of that terrible place.
Something was close. That thing which had been hounding him in the dark only a few feet away.
‘Move, it’s nearly upon you!’ cried the now familiar voice of Dale.
With one last movement, with the final piece of life left in him, John R—— opened the gate, falling face down into a puddle by the roadside.
III
I sat transfixed, the words flowing from John in stuttering fashion, yet with a conviction and reality which I found difficult to ignore, regardless of my scepticism. This man believed with every fibre of his being that what he had told me was the truth. Dale had apparently went after him, against the wishes of the other villagers, he had long ago lost a son and did not wish for anyone else to succumb to the apparent malevolence of the hillside. The landlord, being an old friend of the farmer’s, eventually gave in and both men travelled to the foot of the hill in the hopes that John would find their light in the darkness; follow it, and be the first to escape from there in living memory. No matter how much they wished to help though, they would not dare touch that gate, nor cross the hill’s threshold. John had to do that on his own, and he did so just as his pursuer leaned over him.
I remember letting out a sigh of relief as he finished the last of the wine in front of the fire. There was a moment of silence between us, and I realised that the entire bar was bathed in an anxious reticence. One which was almost tangible, as if those present wanted to speak, but dared not.
Finally I spoke, attempting to be as reassuring as possible: ‘That is an amazing story, John, but it is just a story. I’m sure there is a rational explanation for it all.’
He bowed his head gravely, staring at the floor.
‘If it’s just a story, then why can’t I leave?’ he said, looking up at me with an expression half caught in fear, half trapped in desperation.
‘What do you mean you can’t leave?’
‘I’ve been here for three months!’ he shouted. ‘I sometimes wish Dale had just left me there.’
‘John,’ I said, leaning over and resting my hand on his shoulder reassuringly,‘You can leave whenever you want.’
But I could see from his expression that he did not believe me. He had been consumed by whatever myths and superstitions the locals had fed him. I concluded that his psyche had been poisoned. Of course I felt that the land lord and others meant well, but I was sure that a conventional explanation would hopefully cure him of his afflicted mind.
‘I’m going to Glasgow tomorrow,’ I said cheerfully. ‘Why not join me? The bus will be here in the afternoon and we can travel back together. But… Of course, I’m forgetting, you have your car with you. Please don’t think I was fishing for a lift.’
I laughed, but John just stared at me grimly, then answered: ‘ My car is sitting out back, wrecked.’
‘Really? I hope it’s not too bad. What happened?’
‘It took me several days to recover after my experience on the hill,’ he said mournfully before continuing, ‘but when I felt up to it I packed my bags, thanked Dale and the landlord, then drove out of the village. A couple of miles into my journey the rain came down in sheets. Visibility was terrible, but I just wanted to leave. I lost control of the car and went straight into a tree. I was survived, but the car is a write-off.’
‘Well, accidents happen. As long as you were OK. How about another drink?’ I said standing up. As I did so, John grabbed my arm forcefully.
‘It was no accident. There was something else on that road. I saw him standing there. A man… I think. At least, it appeared like a man. I swerved to avoid him.’
‘And a good thing too. The last thing you would want around here would be to accidentally kill a local.’ My jokes once more did not appease his frustrations.
I sat back down as he conveyed to me his predicament. After the incident with the car, which was towed back to the inn by Dale, John tried everything he could to leave. Each time he attempted to use the local bus there would be a problem. It would breakdown, or there would be a landslide stopping it from entering the village – he even claimed that was why I had been stranded over night, because he had intended to take the bus again that day.
The man was adamant. For three months he had been a guest at ‘The Laird of Dungorth’, and yet no matter how he tried, he could not leave the outskirts of the village. Several times he had even tried to hike to the nearest town, but on each occasion he was beaten back by bitter and perilous weather which appeared without warning. He had even tried to phone for help, but his mobile phone seemed to have no signal, while using a land-line resulted in a continuous static. The same applied for anyone who tried to make a call on his behalf.
While I could not explain everything that had happened, I was certain that a series of rational and conventional events could account for each. It seemed madness that someone so obviously intelligent and articulate be made to believe such nonsense. I genuinely felt sympathy for the man.
‘You are the victim of a self fulfilling prophecy,’ I said confidently.
‘What do you mean?’ John replied.
‘I’ve worked in many villages like this. You come to an old part of the country with a haunting landscape. It seems like another world compared to the modern life of London. Then you are provided with paranoia fuel. A myth that the locals believe about a cursed part of the land. Taking all that in, you have some terrible luck hitting a tree with your car, and before you know it, you believe the whole thing. Perhaps you even imagined the figure on the road. Maybe even the whole encounter.’
‘What about the hill?’ he asked, obviously intrigued by any possibility that escape could be achieved.
‘Probably a placebo effect from all the stories you’ve heard. That or, who knows, maybe you had food poisoning or a virus of some kind and hallucinated the entire thing. Maybe there’s even some nut up there living in that church.’
It was obvious that he remained unconvinced, but I felt that it was my duty to take this poor soul out of that village, back to Glasgow where he could hopefully make arrangements to get home. I had seen the damage that unfounded beliefs could cause amongst people and communities before, and I was genuinely appalled by it. I just wanted to help.
‘Tomorrow, we’ll get the bus together and I’ll buy you a pint in Glasgow.’
He never said much in return, other than nodding his head reluctantly in agreement.
IV
The next day I rose early with a singular purpose. While I had to get home to work on my assignment, the bus was not due until the early evening, which gave me just enough time to persuade John to come with me in the most dramatic of fashions: To go to the hill myself. I knew that if I returned without any of these strange experiences that perhaps he would forget about the superstitious nonsense which the villagers had afflicted him with, and leave on the bus with me. I must also confess that I was utterly intrigued by the idea of the place, and while I had absolutely no doubt that John’s experiences were mistaken, I actually felt that there might be an article, or even a story in the whole ordeal. As a writer, such opportunities rarely present themselves.
Before I left I spoke with him and made my intentions clear. He pleaded with me not to go, that his fate need not be mine, but after much protestation he accepted that I would not be dissuaded, and reluctantly agreed that should I return without paranormal, supernatural, or otherworldly incidence, that he would leave for Glasgow with me.
After providing me with directions – ones which I was sure would not be forthcoming from the villagers – I made my way out to the supposedly tainted hillside. I must admit that when I saw it at first it did appear… odd to me. Misplaced somehow. But again, I counted this as the subconscious effect of John’s tale. The environment appeared to be just as he had described. At least that much was accurate. The road was blocked with rubble and rubbish, and I too found the wooden gate lying at the foot of the hillside. There was even a stain of blood upon it, certainly making the conclusion of his story more believable. The thought of some maniac up there did give me pause, but even if someone had chased John through the undergrowth, they had probably moved on after being confronted by Dale and the land lord. In any case, a badly wounded John had been able to escape, so I felt confident I would be fine.
I did not feel anything out of the ordinary as I crossed the threshold, and while the tangled weave of trees and dead grass did provoke feelings of decay, I was surprised by just how innocuous and commonplace the environment felt. After climbing the steep path which clearly had been used numerous times in recent years, I reached a spot which was reminiscent of John’s descriptions.
And there it was. Obscured from the world by a wall of leaves, rotting wood, and grass: The church. I was significantly surprised as I had thought such a building would surely have been part of John’s hallucinations and I concede that I began to feel slightly unnerved by its existence, and hesitated for a moment before proceeding. I’m embarrassed to say that had the area not been illuminated by the morning light, I may even have considered retreating. But I did not.
The church was fascinating, and I, at the very least, wished to see if it was as John had said, with an altar undisturbed inside. It was not difficult to gaze inward, though I shuddered slightly remembering the description of the door being partially blocked by debris, yet it lay wide open unimpeded, and this discrepancy did give me pause once more. Yet, there I stood, at the threshold peering inside. It was exactly as he had described; the floor strewn with rubble from a failing roof, the altar raised up ahead, an inscription – which by now I had no doubt did indeed read as John had stated – and the doorway leading downstairs to an unknown destination.
You must understand that at no point did I genuinely think that something supernatural resided there, the very idea seemed laughable; but I did began to question my safety. Thoughts of a hermit or mentally deranged recluse living under a remote church did not fill me with confidence.
‘Hello? Is anyone there?’ I shouted, my voice echoing up towards the rafters above.
With no reply, I castigated myself for being so paranoid and stepped inside. Carefully I negotiated the rubble, noticing droplets of blood on a broken piece of wood which I assumed were John’s. Thoughts of blood poisoning now entered my mind: Perhaps the wound in his side caused the hallucinations, at least the ones which occurred afterwards? That could have explained his disorientation.
The altar stood as he had stated. Realising that I may need to prove that I had been there to reassure the man, I took out my phone and started taking pictures of the church interior. With each flash the hall lit up, and as it did so my mind crept back to John’s descriptions of a zealous priest and a fearful congregation huddled under the protection of the church – but protected from what?
Turning to the darkened doorway which led underneath the building, I felt my heart begin to race at the prospect of descending the stone staircase, but I was compelled to, although not for entirely altruistic intentions. Yes, I did want to show John that there was nothing down there, and that the beliefs which seemed to hold him paralysed within the boundaries of the village were unsubstantiated; but I also wanted to know what lay beneath, myself. Why did this church have a subterranean level? Was there a crypt? My curiosity piqued and my mouth watered at the possibility of a published article describing my discovery, of an unknown archaeological find with perhaps an important and valuable relic or two within.
As I approached the door, I could feel the cold air breathing from below. Using the light from my phone, I calmed my nerves which had begun to grate on me and looked cautiously inside. A steep and narrow flight of stairs dripped down into the ground beneath. The walls were darkened grey and seemed to have been carved or formed with far less care than the rest of the church. I shouted down there once more, but again no one replied and I therefore assumed the place to be abandoned. As I descended, I was surprised by just how long the staircase actually was, and by the time I reached its conclusion estimated that I was at least fifty feet beneath the old church. It appeared peculiar to me that a level would be so far beneath the ground and questioned to myself the purpose of it – why had the architects, builders, or followers of the church dug so deep.
At the last step I composed myself, and turned to face a darkened doorway at the conclusion of the staircase. The blue light from my phone illuminated everything around. What I saw deeply disturbed me; a large room, the floor littered with rags, stone, and human bones. I could not tell how many bodies had been left to rot there, for they were too numerous. The chill in the air was pronounced, and I felt frozen to the core not just by the cold of the stone which surrounded me, but by the sorrowful feeling I felt inside. It was almost as if I could imagine people huddled down there, spending their last moments hidden from the sun. The very impression I had, was that they had died there, yet I did not know why I was so convinced of this.
Taking a few pictures, I then entered what I can only describe as… a mass grave. I was careful to not disturb the bones, but I am ashamed to say that I felt the crunch of a few under foot. To the right lay a doorway leading into another chamber, and while I did not wish to disturb the tomb any more than I already had, I felt compelled to know the entire story. That is, what else was down there.
Above the doorway sat a stone cherub, carved with a degree of artistic flair, putting it at odds with the room full of bones, but the childlike face wore a strange grin upon it. Not of joy or playfulness, but of taunting and sadomasochistic indulgence. The very sight of it left me with a feeling of revulsion, and so I quickly entered the other chamber to be removed from its gaze.
Inside was a large room, much grander than the one before. I could tell immediately that something of importance to those who had built the church had once been housed there. The walls were adorned with beautifully carved symbols, some Christian, but many of a nature I could not identify. In the centre of the room lay a block of solid stone three feet across. A large hole lay to its side. On the rock was the following inscription:
Here lies the father. Loved by some, hated by many.
As I pondered the epitaph I peered into the hole. The grave was vacant, but I was glad that I had seen it before walking around the room, as it was deep and wide enough to have given me a nasty fall. Being stranded down there with a broken leg was not something that I wished to consider. The dirt inside the grave was stained black by what looked like a deposit of charcoal throughout, and the fringe of the hole was surrounded by a circular pile of dirt. I assumed that grave robbers, or perhaps those who had ‘hated’ the man, had removed his body long ago.
The air of the place was beginning to affect me intensely. Each breathe inward was jagged and cold, and the discomfort was such that I decided I had seen enough. While taking a few pictures to document the tomb before leaving, the flash from my phone brought something on the floor into sharp focus. Covered in earth and dirt lay a book which poked out slightly from the ground. Gently blowing the dust from it, I carefully lifted it up, resting the book on top of the makeshift gravestone.
The binding was ancient, peeling slightly as I ran my hand over it. The dark red cover, which I could not identify the material out of which it had been made, spoke of time gone by and of stories lost yet important. Deep down I knew that such an item should be removed carefully and studied by scholars, but as a writer, my passion for a story compelled me to see what it contained. Opening it, I was amazed. This was a chronicle. A hand written account of the history of the church, its congregation and the hillside. A snapshot of a people long since forgotten.
It was written in a linguistically confused tone, as the wording seemed to be a mix of Old Scots English and phrases in a language unfamiliar to me, one which I assumed to be Celtic or Gaelic in origin, however, the passages in Old Scots I could read to a degree. What follows is a loose recollection of what had been inscribed there.
***
In the 15th century a group of refugees came to that area in search of a place they could call home. The valleys – or glens as they are known in Scotland – were uninhabited at that time, as too was a strange hill which dominated the landscape. The people were from a place called Dungorth, and they had escaped from the laird there who had ruled that region at the time; fleeing his persecution as he was a brutal and merciless ruler who punished all who did not follow his beliefs.
In all they numbered only in the hundreds, and while their elders wished to settle in the glens, a prominent priest amongst them claimed that to bless the lands, and to ensure that no ills would befall their community, the hill must be settled first – a beacon of holiness casting a shadow of protection on all below. While some were suspicious of the man’s fascination with the place, he was known for his kindness and as one whose judgement could be trusted. Disheartened, the elders began to follow his example, as it was typical of the time for people to be God fearing. There, on that isolated and baleful hillside, they built a small settlement, but almost immediately a few of the settlers began to fall ill. A sickness which could not be explained and which often resulted in a feverish madness.
The priest blamed a number of standing stones which were peppered throughout the hillside, remnants of – to him at least – an old and heretical religion. It was decided under his supervision that the people should build a church. With the presence of consecrated ground, it was thought that the effects of whatever resided on the hill previously, would be eradicated.
They were wrong.
Despite their efforts the sickness only grew worse, and many began to suspect that the priest himself was in league with the abhorrent forces at play. Some of the elders rose up against him, but under his orders, members from the church congregation executed those who rebelled. Fearing for their lives, many of the settlers who were outraged by the priest and his followers, fled in the night, escorting the remaining elders to the lands below. Most made it off of the hill, but some returned wailing and frightened, believing themselves to have been stalked by uncertain and unearthly figures in the woods, unable to escape. To save their lives, they pledged undying fellowship to the priest and his church.
Claiming to be receiving visions from the almighty himself, the holy man assured the villagers that if they carried out his explicit instructions that they would all be saved. Each night they gathered in the church as the priest spewed forth his visions and damning, seething hatred for those who had left. It became clear to some that he had gone mad, but by then the man had formed a strict and brutally loyal conclave of followers who hung on every word and prophecy, making any rebellion sure to be a violent, bloody, and uncertain one.
Many spoke of dreams without form, blinded by darkness, and several families were found in their homes, suffocated in the night. The priest blamed those who had escaped and told stories of how they were the source of the darkness which had persecuted his people, cursing them to a desperate end. Bitterness and anger swept through the community and several villagers were selected to descend the hill and bring back the elders who were to be judged and sacrificed if need be. But no one could leave. No matter how hard they tried, the church loomed large, no matter which way they walked, down or up, they would appear where they had begun, confused and disorientated.
The sickness spread, and the village watchmen one by one were found choked and mutilated in the streets, with witnesses claiming to have seen strange entities prowling around at night. In the panic, those left had no option but to cling to their religion for salvation, in the hope that the church would protect them. They huddled together underneath its roof, in abject terror for what approached from the shadows outside.
Here, the writing changed markedly, becoming jagged, fervent, and more pronounced. The priest himself had taken over from the town chronicler who he had deemed to be unsatisfactory. Several pages followed, pockets of English entangled with what looked like Latin, and a number of unusual and indecipherable languages. Each page was filled with pain and scorn for those who had left, and then, the words just stopped.
***
Standing there in that Stygian and foreboding place, I ran my fingers across the spine of the book and could see clearly that the last page had been torn out. What it could have contained, I did not know.
I felt overwhelmed by the account which I had just read as a very real and palpable fear surged throughout my body. The thought occurred to me, that the accounts of the sickness which had plagued the exiles of Dungorth seemed remarkably similar to John’s experiences. I could not avoid the coincidence and I began to suspect that something had in fact affected him after all; something tangible. Perhaps a contaminant in the ground. A poison maybe? I had read about pockets of methane gas escaping through the earth and at sea which had killed many, but it was not out of the question that something similar, perhaps in a smaller dose could in fact have caused mass hallucinations, sickness, and even madness. It was the most feasible explanation I could come up with. Yet, why had I not been effected? Perhaps, as the chronicle had stated, some people were more immune to the contaminant than others.
My attention now turned once more to the grave, or at least what was left of it. I wondered what the people did with the body of that loved but hated priest, assuming that was who ‘the father’ referred to. Did they re-bury it in another location? Perhaps his followers were worried that his grave would be vandalised. The answer became clear to me almost immediately: They had burned him in his grave, under the very church he had built; the hole where his body once lay, now marked eternally by the blackened stains of smoke and ember. I shuddered at the thought that he may have been thrown down there and set alight while still alive.
The air now grew noticeably colder, but this was not what marked the beginning of my ordeal. I leaned over, looking closely at what I saw on the rim of the grave. I could not bring my self to believe it. There on the brim of the hole was a callous signature left by the church’s former attendant. In the darkness I must have missed it, but now it was unmistakable. There on the edge of the grave was a hand print, blackened and burned, as of someone clawing their way out of their eternal and forsaken pit.
My breath spiralled slowly out of my mouth, congealing in the icy surrounds while my heart raced at the mere possibility of what had risen from that hole in the ground. As the air grew colder still, I stood up and made my way to the foot of the stairs – I had to get out of there, into the sunlight, into the open. It was then that I heard it. At first it was merely the impression of a sound. Then more definite, rising in intensity and clarity. Something stirred above.
People. Many of them, groaning and lamenting, crying for their lives in unison. Chants in the darkness, both Christian and of something older, a fetid religion that had best been left in the ground. As the wails of misery ascended, a single voice rose up out of the cacophony. Deafening and terrible, it spoke of the end of days, of betrayal, and of unimpeded sin. The voice yelled and screamed, renouncing all who did not listen, a vengeful sermon from that stone altar above.
I cannot put the fear I felt into words. Alone in the cold darkness of a defiled crypt, with no way out other than up and into that church hall where something hideous now relived forgotten and terrible times. The screams grew louder as the banging and scuffing of feet rushed towards the staircase, towards where I stood. Such pain in those voices, I ran in terror as they flew down the ancient staircase towards me.
Without thinking, I jumped down into the empty grave switching the light from my phone off and found myself cowering, shaken to my very core by the agonising voices which cried out against the world, and one another, in the next room – hate and utter despair at evil both outside and in. The roar of agony increased, men, women, children weeping and cursing a God they believed had forsaken them. Accusations, persecution, and the tearing of flesh. Then, silence. I clung to the bottom of that charred grave with my fingernails etched into the soil. Any scepticism I had for unseen and hidden forces had receded. Shaking violently in the cold bleakness, I waited for several minutes before switching the light of my phone back on.
Peering over the brim of the grave, I pulled myself silently onto the floor. The rooms were empty, all but for the broken bones and skulls of countless lives ruined by whatever evil lay in that hillside. I finally plucked up the courage and with nerves shredded and beliefs shattered, I climbed the stairs slowly, scared rigid at the thought of what might be waiting for me at the top, but it was my only way out, and I would be damned if I was going to end my days the way those poor people had, cowering deep below.
The hall was empty. As quietly as possible, I crossed the room negotiating debris and rubble quickly but quietly, cutting through an oppressive silence, finally exiting through the doorway to the open air. Once out of the church I fell to my knees, quivering with anxiety as I tried to process the entire experience. My mind then flew back to what had been in that grave, and more importantly, where it was now. Then I knew. Running as fast as I could through bushes and thickets, I reached the path quickly, unimpeded by whatever evil had blocked the settler’s escape, but I did not stop, half filled with terror at what might have been in pursuit, and half pleading for my instincts to be wrong.
The air burned in my lungs as I rushed down the path, within minutes the wooden gate was in sight and I was off of that wretched hill, a place I would never tread again. Not for money, not for a story, not for anything. I would have breathed a sigh of relief at this thought, but that was not in my mind. I had to get back to the inn as quickly as possible. Continuing to run as fast as I could, I fought exhaustion and the limits of my own body, and after a time across field and hedgerow, finally the Laird of Dungorth inn came into view.
Staggering towards the old building, it was then that I heard it. Screams, of agony, of terror, and for mercy. I knew instantly where and by whom. A new found jolt of stamina found me as I broke into a sprint once more, bursting through the doors into the bar. There, the room lay in silence. Villagers sat staring at their drinks while the landlord himself stood motionless, his eyes pointed to the ground. The screams continued from the rooms above. I begged and pleaded for someone to help me, but none would listen. Realising I was alone to confront it, I broke for the stairs, but the landlord forcefully intervened, dragging me back, his arms wrapped tightly around my shoulders.
‘Leave him son, you can’t help!’ he yelled as two other men attempted to restrain me.
I thrust my elbow into the stomach of the landlord behind and then barged passed the two men, knocking one to the floor. Tearing up the stairs I followed the awful cries straight to John’s room. The door was locked. Thrusting my shoulder against the door, again and again, it cracked and splintered against my efforts. With each strike I heard the garbled gasp of something unearthly inside in response. Finally, the door gave way and in I went.
For a moment I glimpsed something which looked like a man, at least something which once was alive. Blackened and burned, it turned its head as if to stare at me – I cannot say whether it truly saw me as it had no eyes to speak of. In its grip was the crumpled and lifeless body of John R———.
Then, it turned, wriggling through an open window, carting the poor man’s body behind. They were both gone.
The room then took on a volatile and fluid appearance. I do not know if it was the exertion of my efforts or just being in proximity to that grotesque miscreation, but a sickness overcame me, seeping through my stomach, and as I lost consciousness I cried out in helplessness.
V
That was several days ago. It seems I banged my head against the floor when I collapsed and somehow injured my leg in the process. The village doctor who examined me prescribed some antibiotics for what he believed to be a stomach infection, and a sedative which helped ease my anxiety. With little else to occupy me, I have committed everything I can remember about this entire horrid ordeal to paper. After all, a writer writes.
Yesterday I visited John’s Room for the first time since he was taken. It was silent, and it felt empty in a way I have never truly known before. An absence of life is the best I can describe it. The place lay ransacked, his belongings still strewn across the floor. I assumed that no one had been in there, the land lord was probably too frightened, but I do not blame him. As I turned to leave the now vacant room, I noticed one item which looked out of place – it did not belong. On John’s bed lay a withered and stained piece of paper. I knew where it had come from without even needing to read it, the last page of the chronicle, the account of those who had settled on the hill. A maze of repeated phrases in arcane and forgotten languages spread out across the crumpled and fragile paper, but one in English stood out. It simply said ‘No One Leaves’.
I do not know what to make of anything any more. I feel exhausted, yet my mind still picks over the last few days piece by piece. I am wracked with guilt, somehow I feel my very presence on that hill brought whatever that was back down here to take John. Otherwise, why did it wait so long?
My last thought on the matter is that perhaps I’ve just been lucky, that I visited the hill when that thing wasn’t on it probably saved my life. In any case, regardless of how the villagers wish to explain this I will be reporting John’s disappearance when I arrive in Glasgow, and asking the police to take a look at the number of residents who have went missing in the area over the years. I think they will be surprised by the number.
Home seems a million miles away, but I know that I will be there shortly, to my own bed, another world far away from the events of the past few days; perhaps there I will be able to put this madness into context. I have never been so homesick. Hopefully I will be there in a matter of hours, although, the bus out of the village is running a little late.
The End
Credit To – Michael Whitehouse
–
Update from the author: Hi everyone. I’ve just self-published On a Hill via Amazon. I’m not asking anyone to buy it, but if you did read it and enjoy it here, if you could take a couple of minutes to rate it by clicking here and share it, that would be amazing. Sorry for the gratuitous self promotion. Thanks again for reading!
~ Mike
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The submission form is once again open and ready for your stories! 
The July/August submission period will run from July 5, 2014 – August 20, 2014.
If you did not receive a reply to your submission from the April/May period, your story was rejected. Do not to submit comments or contact requests asking for your old submission’s status. Please take the time to look at your story with a critical eye and re-work any issues before resubmitting. Remember, simply re-submitting a rejected story without any edits will not accomplish anything beyond netting yourself a ban when I notice that you’re spamming the same rejected story over and over. 
If you are having trouble discerning why your story was not accepted and your pasta was not placed on Crappypasta, I suggest joining The Creepypasta Network and posting your in-progress pastas on their forums. Specifically, their Story Area sub-forum is designed precisely for writers to share their work and receive feedback.
The contact form has also been re-opened. As always, please limit use of this form for issues that are not already handled in the FAQ. If you submit a contact request asking for support with something that has already been explained in the FAQ or on the submission/contact pages themselves, you will not receive an answer. Please just use the already provided information rather than expecting an individual response – I took the time to create the FAQ specifically to avoid having to constantly hand-hold people through some of the more basic aspects of the website and submission process.
Due to recent events, both the submission and contact forms will now track your IP address when you use them. If you submit anything abusive or obscene, expect an IP ban from the entire website, not just the submission form. The form will also note your user agent/browser version in order to help me see patterns when the form inevitably refuses to work for some people. This information will only be visible to me and will not be shared or used for any purposes beyond what I just mentioned, but I wanted you guys to be aware that this data was now being collected.
Thanks for reading and good luck with your submissions!
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The following manuscript, along with two video tapes of security camera footage, was found in the fourth floor of an empty office building next to what remains of a mangled, once locked, metal door. The building, located deep in the forests of North Dakota, was repossessed by the city, repaired, and sold to a software company. The tapes and files were thrown away and later stolen from the trash. Their current location remains unknown.
What follows is a letter written by Dr. Richard Banks, who has been missing for over two years.
This is an apology. I’ve gotten three people killed already, and I’m certain that more will follow. I’m sorry for that, I really am. Ten goddamn years of paranormal research tossed in the garbage, our big, revolutionary project up in flames, but I’m getting off topic. I should start from the beginning.
We were fresh out of grad school and newly unemployed, quickly realizing that a PhD doesn’t even get you a job teaching science to first graders. That’s when my good friend James Weldon approached me with an idea. All four of us had been obsessed with the paranormal, but James was really into it. He showed us this study out of Russia where these scientists were able to conjure what they referred to as “ten’ chelovek,” “the Shadow Man.” Though we were naturally skeptical at first, all of us were intrigued by this research.
The files went into explicit detail about how to conjure, contain, and study the Shadow Man that for the sake of public safety I will not repeat here. By some miracle, we acquired what used to be an office building that was far enough away from the nearest town. We set up what passed for a lab and three weeks later, began the ritual.
We just about shit ourselves when the inky form appeared in the observation room. We actually did it. The scientist in me was astounded, but the rest of me was deeply unnerved. The Shadow Man was downright creepy. The figure before me was a humanoid shape that didn’t look like it was entirely there, almost like it was made of smoke, like you could put your hand right through it. It had no discernable features.
We performed countless tests and experiments on this entity, but much to our disappointment and curiosity, the Shadow Man did not respond to stimuli. Heat, cold, light, dark, we tried it all. It did not react. That’s not to say that there were no changes, though. We noticed that, as the days progressed, the Shadow Man grew more corporeal. Its form seemed to solidify and take a more permanent shape.
As the Shadow Man evolved, it frightened me even more. It looked more human each day. James thought that the Shadow Man was copying us. While it did appear very humanlike, it couldn’t get it just right. The Shadow Man’s limbs were jagged, like they had been badly broken in several places and had not set properly. Jane Adams, behavioral psychologist and member of our team, had already begun writing a paper on the Shadow Man. We told her that absolutely no one would believe a word of it, that it might even ruin her career, but she didn’t care. I guess we were all too blinded by how strange this situation was to think rationally.
A couple days later, I was in the observation room by myself. I had stayed late that night, promising to close up when I left. I think the Shadow Man knew that I was alone. It approached the glass wall separating us, and pressed its bony, mangled fingers against it.
The lights went out. The power was still on, as the computers were still running, but the lights turned off and would not come back on no matter what I tried. Though it sounded ridiculous, I thought that the Shadow Man was smart. Now, it was impossible to see the creature in the darkness, and I think that’s what it wanted.
When I was turned around messing with the fuse box, the Shadow Man began to throw itself against the glass wall. Violently, these bangs rang out into the dark room, reverberating off of the walls and through the air. I ran out of the building and didn’t come back until noon the next day, when I was sure the sun would be at its brightest.
Aside from that night, the Shadow Man experiment was going pretty well until James called us into the lab at three in the morning. He took me aside, leaving the others in the observation room. James was freaking out as he threw a stack of papers on the table before us. “We fucked up.”
I picked up a few pages and thumbed through them, but I soon realized that, as they were all in Russian, I didn’t understand a word of it. I asked him what was wrong and what all of these papers were.
He told me that they were new publications from the scientists in Russia, the ones studying the Shadow Man. “They’re all dead now. The whole town just fucking vanished.” He went on about how after two weeks of their experiment, just a few days longer than our own experiment has lasted, they started noticing changes in the Shadow Man. It was becoming malevolent. Then, it disappeared.
James explained that the papers in my hand were the last publications the scientists released about the Shadow Man, saying that on several occasions, the creature tried to harm the scientists. The physical attacks started small, with the Shadow Man clawing and scratching the research team, but quickly escalated into life threatening incidents, even putting one of the scientists in the hospital.
As if this wasn’t scary enough, James continued, telling me that the Shadow Man got out of the Russian lab, which was certainly much better equipped than ours was. He rifled through the scattered pieces of paper on the table before pulling out an article from a Russian newspaper about six scientists found dead in an empty laboratory. They were ripped apart. An animal attack, the police officers believed.
“Now look at this,” James handed me another article. “Everyone in the town surrounding the lab died the same way.”
I started at the papers in front of me, not wanting to believe what James was telling me.
“What have we done?”
Maybe we should have waited for the results of the Russian experiment before trying to replicate it. I knew that we had to leave. I planned on staying with family living two states away, but James said that we had to kill the Shadow Man. Reluctantly, I agreed, knowing that I wouldn’t feel right about letting everyone in the city die, but I made James promise that if we couldn’t kill this thing in two days, we would leave. He agreed, and with some persuasion, the others did too.
Nothing could kill the Shadow Man. Not guns, knives, poison, we even tried spraying it with Raid. We just made it angrier.
All of us decided to leave the lab the next morning. We gathered all of our data on the Shadow Man and left it on the table, knowing that whenever the building was sold, someone would find it, and maybe even believe it.
Before we were able to leave, door to the observation room flew off its hinges, smacking against the wall and toppling onto the floor. We sprinted toward the exit, but only James and I made it out. The two of us stood outside, listening to the screaming from in the building. Abruptly, it ended, and James and I took off, not wanting to wait for the Shadow Man to come for us.
We came back two days later, and we found what was left of Jane smeared on the floor and walls. Lisa Altman, the fourth member of our team, tried to escape the observation room via a fifth story window. After seeing what happened to Jane, I can tell you that Lisa was better off.
This is my apology to you. The Shadow Man experiment was a mistake, and I fully admit that what we did was wrong, even if it’s not going to change anything. I’ve been scouring the internet for days, and there has been no mention of the Shadow Man anywhere. Hopefully, that means the Russians and us are the only ones who have been dumb enough to conjure it. James stopped returning my calls yesterday. The Shadow Man caught up with him. I know that I’m as good as dead.
I leave you with this. Ever since the beginning, the Shadow Man gave me a weird vibe. I was always frightened of it. Please follow your instincts and think twice before you get involved with things like this. If you do, just for a moment consider the consequences.
Regretfully,
Richard Banks
The first tape is from a camera mounted on the wall of what is assumed to be the observation room Dr. Banks describes in his letter. Four people look into a room behind a wall of glass. The footage is low quality, but five candles, three of which are unlit, surrounding scattered pieces of scrap metal, are visible in the room.
In the middle of the room behind the glass wall, a figure appears. It is dark and inky and matches almost perfectly Dr. Banks’ descriptions. The scientists are clearly excited as they begin to observe the entity, which remains completely still inside the observation room. All of them frantically scratch down notes and snap photos.
The second tape, released from police custody after an investigation into the disappearances of the scientists, contains footage of what is believed to be the night the Shadow Man escaped. It appears to have been filmed by the same camera as the first tape. All four members of the research team are in the lab, cautiously watching the Shadow Man from behind the glass.
The Shadow Man seems to disappear for a moment, and then launches itself at the thick metal door, ripping it off its hinges. The door lands on the laboratory floor five feet from the wall of the observation room. Richard Banks and James Weldon run out of the room. Lisa Altman forces open a window and quickly jumps out of it.
Jane Adams stands in the middle of the room, frozen. The Shadow Man pauses for a moment before darting across the room and throwing itself onto Jane. When it moves, its limbs swing out almost comically, but in such a way that they should not have allowed the entity to move at all, much less as rapidly as it did. The Shadow Man rips apart Jane Adams, flinging pieces of her flesh across the room, tearing her down to the bone. The Shadow Man then exits the observation room through the open door, eyes never leaving the camera as it leaves.
Local police departments in the surrounding area have reported a spike in reports of animal attacks and sightings of a “disturbing figure” stalking the town. Neither Dr. Richard Banks nor any of his potentially living associates have been located.
Credit: K. Brown
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

His voice echoes through my conscience over and over again. I remember his face was a sickly, yellow color. The corners of his mouth were veiled with blood; the sound of the air- pacemaker was just as I’d imagined it would sound. The oropharyngeal airway stuck out from the corner of his mouth with clear, flexible tubes in his arms, the catheter and noiseless nurses repeatedly coming in and out of the room wearing teal and blue scrubs. His chest rose and fell in jagged cycles like a conveyor belt ready to give out. He looks like a Holocaust victim as my dad would say. I was in agony seeing him in this condition; it was not my brother I was seeing. What I’d seen was something no human should have to bear witness. The staff at the hospital told us he would not be leaving his hospital bed alive, my mother fell in her chair and began to weep. As we sat with him, we simply could not bear to watch him suffer any longer.
“If we remove the pacemaker and ease back on the dopamine he’ll be able to hear your voices; however, if we do that he will most likely die within minutes.” The doctor said. “If that is what you wish…”
We wanted it to be over with, all of it. My father nodded and gave her permission to proceed. When his eyes finally opened, I felt unwell; his eyes were just as yellow as his skin was. The blood vessels in his eyes were touched afire. The struggle, the gasps for air, the suffering on his face filled me with contempt and resentment towards everything in this existence. I cursed God; I damned him for everything, I damned all the Son’s of Adam and the daughters of Eve.
“We love you, Brian; we’ll always be a family of five.” My father said.
Finally his face went slack and his body became still. The doctor came in and checked his vitals. His eyelids were slightly parted; I could still see the sickly, yellow color in his eyes. She looked up at my mother with a disdainful look that made my heart sink all the way down into my belly.
“I’m sorry, he’s passed…” she said.
I grabbed hold of my mother and brought her close to my chest the way she did for me when I was young. We stood there and she sobbed in my arms for the longest time. Just like yesterday he was gone. My whole family wept, but for some unknown reason I could not. I did not understand why, I should have been crying like a travailing woman, but I didn’t. Instead, I knelt beside his bed and clutched his hand for a little while, just wanting to feel him one last time. His body was still warm; I could still feel the life that once coursed through him. Not the cold, stiff, synthetic feeling it would have after being caked with embalming fluid.
I leaned in and kissed his forehead, “I’ll always love you. You’ll always be my big brother…” I whispered.
I can’t speak for elsewhere, but here on Earth there is a fair supply of everything. We manufacture chairs, transistors, scissors, teacups, and dams. There are the goods in life: clothes fresh out of the dryer, singing in the shower, breaking perforated seals on just about anything, peeling a clementine in just one peel, a perfectly popped bag of popcorn, seeing a woman slip into a pair of jeggings, when the Starbucks barista spells your name right, a box of corgi puppies. The world is filled with these things, but it is also filled with the bad stuff. House fires, thoughts of suicide, divorce, cancer, the New York stock exchange and Rupert Murdoch. For me the bad stuff never seemed to end, but one solemn day in October I saw how much worse things could get. Things turned for the worst imaginable and on this day Death was rapping away at my door asking for me.
October 25th
It had been a little more than a year since that night in the hospital. That day I’d been driving for longer than I could remember. The east was not wedged with apartment complexes, gridlock traffic jams and boisterous barking dogs. Freetown was an urban area which resembled something out of a colonial painting; the town itself lied on the southeast region of Bristol County. Most of the houses were built with vinyl sidings; there were newly paved roads and families walking hand-in-hand down the sidewalk. I looked down at the navigation system on my phone; I was just a few miles away now.
“Turn left on Sesame Seed Avenue then follow for three-quarters of a mile.” it broadcasted.
The closer I got the less of people I saw. Residents in these parts were more spread out than others elsewhere in this neck of the country, but when I got closer to the woods border it became more perceptible to me.
I drove up to a four-way intersection and came across a very old, tumbledown wood-sign settled just off to the side of the road with the words “Wampanoag Indian Reservation”. The paint was eroded by years of rainfall and other attributes. Then I noticed a fallen marker sign with the words inscribed on it “Freetown State Forest-1.5 miles”. The sign was corroded with rust and overgrown in moss, but it was still legible enough to read. Odd no one fixed it I thought, you would think the town would try and replace it, but they did not.
A few minutes go by and I came up to a small shoppette, “Main Street market”. It looked like an establishment out of the pioneer era. The twenty-by-ten market fortified with chicory sidings and a hitching post out front; the only thing that was missing was a billboard sign mounted above the store’s entrance titled “Guns. Pistols- Ammunition. Hardware and Tinware” and a little sub-note that said “Guns & pistols repaired”. There was a neon sign advertising Coors Light fizzing away in the window. I thought it’d be wise to stock up on snacks and maybe a spare set of batteries. I pulled into the dirt lot, my vehicle rose and fell like an ocean current kicking up clouds of dust. The lot was completely empty; no sign of any other vehicles, not even the store owner’s vehicle, but the sign clearly read “Open”. When I walked in I found myself greeted by a man with a shit eating grin who looked like he had just crawled out of a bottle of gin. His face was old and haggard, his hair and skin was as white as the blossoms of an almond tree. He whistled an indistinct melody, the likes of which I had never heard before, the tune was rather daunting as if forewarning its listeners about something. He wore a blue smock brandishing his store’s logo on it. Another man with similar features was in the far corner stocking shelves with cans of pickled okra. The room had a strange aroma to it; it reminded me of moldy Roquefort cheese (odd but more pleasant than one might think).
“Hi there!” the man exclaimed.
Not being rude I replied with, “Hello, sir.” while offering a tentative smile.
The man grinned widely at my response, “What can I do for ya, son?”
“Jus’ lookin’ for a few things is all.”
“You lemme know if you need any help, k?”
“Yes sir!” I replied. Our conversation following that introduction would not be so pleasant.
Fifteen minutes pass by and I gather what provisions I feel I would need for my journey. I returned to the counter where the old store clerk was posted.
“What’s your name, son?” the man asked.
“Scott,” I replied, “Scott Connors.”
“Please to make yer acquaintance, Mista Connors.” The man’s accent was very thick. It was the accent of your standard Eastern New Englander. He extended one hand over the counter in an effort to shake my hand, like what most men in this part of the world do when making introductions. I grasped his hand, they were just as worn and damaged as his face was, and his fingernails were yellowed, probably from years of smoking Rothman Royals. I could tell he was a smoker; the moment I walked up to the counter I immediately picked up on the scent of nicotine; the man was a walking ashtray.
“Name’s Rich, Richard Wright; but people call me Dick fur short.” he replied.
“Please to meet you, Mr. Wright.”
“Neva seen you around dese parts befo’, son. And I’m one ta notice a face when I’ve seen it a time ur two.”
“I’m originally from a little town out west called South Hadley.”
“Neva heard of it.”
“Not too many people have.” I replied.
“What brings ya all the way out here to the Bridgewater Triangle?” he asked.
I saw no harm in his question; I felt no reason not to tell him, so I did. “Just takin’ a little excursion on my day-off; I like to hike, especially this time of year with all the foliage.”
He glanced at me peculiarly while he packaged my items. “I thought it’d be nice to go on a little trek thru Freetown forest.”
The sound of falling canned items from one of the shelves behind me caught my attention. When I looked over my shoulder I noticed the other man sprawling out onto the floor to retrieve the fallen canned items. The look on his face was one I will not forget; it was one of abysmal frozen horror. A bemused looked dawned on my face; when I turned back to Mr. Wright I found the expression on his face was one much similar to that of the other man’s. At first I could not explain the livid terror which had dropped over his face at that moment. Mr. Wright stared down at me from behind the counter; he looked at me like I had tree branches growing out of my ears. The pallor on the man’s face was uncommonly difficult to explain.
“Now what business das a youngin like yerself hava goin’ out into dose woods?” he asked me.
“I’ve been searching for something. No treasure or any other fiddle-faddle of that sort. Just
searchin’ for some closure is all.”
He rubbed the stubby wattles on his chin; I could see he was searching for the correct way to tell me something rather important. Being a stranger and all there was always some folklore the ol’ timers in this neck of the woods had to tell any passerby or “outsiders” was perhaps the more preferred terminology people had for us these days. This wasn’t my first experience being an “outsider”, every time my family and I went out to eat at Fish Tails in Whatley we were always greeted by a roomful of unpleasant facial expressions. People from that region did not take too kindly to anyone who was from outside of the area, or was not one of German or Polish decent.
“Son, I promise you dere ain’t nothin’ in those woods worth vistin’, its jus’ a bad place…”
“What are you gettin’ at, ol’ timer?”
“There are places in the world where strangeness seems to gravitate and dis be one of ‘em.” he replied. “People go missin’ in those woods all the time and neva turn up. It’s like they walked off the face of de earth.” He confided in me.
“How can that be?” I asked him skeptically.
“I can’t say whether it’s the topography, geography or jus’ some other enigmatic power that causes dese tings, but they just keep happenin’.”
“Well, ol’ timer, you got my attention. So why don’t you tell me what lives in Freetown Forest?” I said sounding somewhat condescending, but the ol’ timer overlooked my pompous behavior for more important things were happening here.
He exchanged glances with the man from across the room for a moment then returned his gaze toward me. “Awe I hate dis, but it got to be done…” he said, and then he sighed. It was the sigh of a man who had set down a heavy burden and knows he must now pick it up again. “Evil, my boy…” he said sharply, a short silence befell the room. I thought for a moment the old man was having me on but then I realized by the look in his eyes that he was as serious as the fifth act of a tragedy. “Originally tis here land belonged to the Whamp-anu-gg or Whamppuag or whatever dem here calls It.”
“The Wampanoag?” I asked.
With one crooked finger the old timer pointed it at me and shook it vigorously with approval, “Dat’s the one!” he said. “The Wampanoag tribe, in da early days of the new world the Wampanoag tribe was driven from dese parts. Rumors floated around dat tis town was settled on an ol’ Indian reservation. They say the valley is cursed ur somethin’. Jus’ a plethora of unexplained occurrences happen fro’ time ta time. The place just has a foul aura about it.”
“I’ve heard the stories.” I could hear just how sardonic my voice sounded.
“Have you been told about the murder of Mary Lou Arruda in ‘78?” he asked me.
I shook my head, “I can’t say I have.” the name did not sound familiar as I feel I would recognize a name such as Mary Lou- Arruda.
“November 1978, da poor girl was found tied to a tree. Her killer beat her within an inch of her life then left ‘er for da wolves. Autopsy said when she los’ consciousness the weight of her body caused stress on her neck an’ ensuing asphyxiation.”
“They ever find who did it?”
“Fortunately, yes. A man by the name of, James Kater, a donut maker in Raynham, Mass. It wasn’t the first and it certainly wouldn’t be da las’. Dere are otha things crawlin’ around in those woods. I would not venture dere alone or after dark.”
“Well, Mr. Wright, I’m all ears.” I said. There I go again with the condescending tone of mine, I just can’t help myself, can’t I?
“Bout ten years ago, two young backpackers were hikin’ along Haskal path when a tree gave way. Da roots must’ve gone sour; dat thing came tumblin’ down on top of ‘em both, killin’ them instantly. When the firefighters managed to lift the damn thing off of ‘em they looked like a steamroller had plowed over their poor bodies. The funeral parlor had to make the services closed casket. Then jus’ six years back, Maggie Lawrence, over on Bolton Avenue lost her dog, Chipper, in doze woods. Three weeks later he turns up at her front door step, bloody to a pulp and mad wit’ disease. He came back not the friendly cohort she raised but an abomination whose only intentions were ta rip her throat out. Da thing wreathed wit’ an odious stench. Maggie says he smelt like somethin’ that had been festering out in the hot sun for too long, like decaying flesh or somethin’. Animal Control came by an’ put two rounds in ol’ Chipper’s head. But a minute later, da damn thing got back up and started chargin’ da feller who shot ‘em. Poor sonuveabitch lost an eye. Took two men to pull the damn thing off of em, they put two more rounds in its head then they cremated the body. I don’t know very much, son; but I do knows when somethin’ doesn’t go down after two slugs in da temple, dat it’s not somethin’ of this world. Then again a few years back, a family I tink dere name was Fitzgerald ur somethin’ and there three kids” he pronounced three like tree, “came tru ‘ere lookin’ for stuff for a family hike. I remember da children so vividly. De eldest’s name was Mark, the middle was Alex, and den tere was the youngest, Brenna.” He said as a look of despondency dawned on his face in that moment, “Sweet lil angel she was. I tol’ da father about dat place like I done wit’ you but he wouldn’t have any of it.”
“What happened?” I asked now intrigued by the ol’ timer’s story.
“Two hours went by, I was gettin’ ready to close up shop when da father kicked in da door wit’ his lil girl in his arms. Her head hung like a dyin’ flower when he carried her, her eyes were wide and her body was swollen all over.” That wrinkled look on his face worsened the more he spoke, “She’d fallen into a pit of rattlers.”
Rattlers? I thought questionably, “Owe, you mean rattlesnakes?” I asked.
“Dat’s what I mean, rattlers.” he replied. “Poor child was bitten from head ta toe and died from the venom before da parents had a chance to get her to the car.”
I sighed, it was a tragedy nonetheless and I know a thing or two about tragedies. “Well,” I replied, “I think I should be safe from rattlers. The cold this time of year has surely driven them underground till the spring.”
“The Devil’s pawns also occupy tem woods; Devil worshipers, Satanists, or as like to call tem wackadoodles. People see dem every now and again at night from the light of their fires committing strange and unspeakable deeds. The wickedness of dat place draws them to it.”
“I’ll be cautious about where I go, sir.”
“You bes’ also bring protection with you, people usually do specially when they go walkin’ around before sunset. You hear strange noises after sundown.”
“What kind of strange noises?”
“Sounds like cryin’ ur wailing comin’ from the tree tops. Locals who live nearby thinkin’ maybe the Pukwudgie is close by doin’ a bit of swift traveling.”
“And what is the Pukwudgie, pray?” I asked a bit irritated because I could not prevent that sudden shiver of the nerves when I mentioned the word itself. I knew I was close upon the man’s terror and the cause of it.
“Jus’ an ol’ wives tale they use to tell around campfires in lumber camps back when I was a boy. Nothin’ but what those lousy fellars believes when they been hittin’ the whiskey bottle too hard. A sort of great animal dat lives up yonder.” He said jerking his head northwards, “Quicker than lightening in its tracks, smaller than most that lives in the bush but is said to be very dangerous, and ain’t supposed to be too good to look at is all.” The ol’ timer sighed, this time sounding a bit flustered and took out a pack of Rothman Royals from his blouse pocket. He packed them, took one out and put it between his lips. He continued to speak while he searched for his lighter.
“Don’t let em catch you, son. If it does it’ll split you open from mouth to anus and wear your skin like a raincoat.”
I tittered at his remarks, thinking this was child’s play the ol’ timer should have grown out of years ago. For a moment nothing else was said, I just looked at the old man contemplating whether he was a gifted liar or whether he had a few marbles rolling around upstairs. He found his lighter, lit the end portion and drew deeply on it.
“I’ve heard it all before and I must say all of it is more farfetched than I could have imagined.”
I continued snickering but the ol’ timer just stood there not amused by my lack of seriousness.
“Maybe it is.” he said. I could tell by the look on his face that none of my previous experiences would tread water against what lied in store for me. “But I’ve lived here since it was jus’ flatland and dirt roads and in that time I’ve learned to keep an open mind.”
I nodded at his remark; accepting him for what he may believe is living or not living in those woods.
“You still intend on goin’, donchya?”
“I do.” I replied.
“I can see dere’s nothin’ I can say that’ll change yer mind.”
“Listen carefully, son.” said the ol’ timer “Stay on the trail, no matta what do not float off da path, or else you’ll be lost in dose woods an’ neva be found.”
I could not take his warning seriously. These woods were not as vast as they once were; the forest couldn’t be more than fifty or sixty miles in size. It seemed very difficult to get yourself lost in there for all eternity.
“And stay away from Hockomock swamp. Da mist and da marsh can tinker wit’ your mind.”
I had heard rumors about Hockomock swamp; people around these parts refer to it as “The Devil’s Swamp”.
“I’ll wait here at dis counter till sundown. If you don’t walk thru dat door.” he said pointing his crooked finger to the doorway I entered, “I’m callin’ the police chief and tell ‘em we got owselves anotha transient who went stickin’ his nose where it doesn’t belong.”
“I hear ya, ol’ timer.” I replied, “I promise, I’ll be out of those woods and on the road again before dusk.” but ol’ Mr. Wright did not believe a word of it; he just stared at me with the stone-cold, hazel eyes of his. As I walked out the door and back toward my car the two men continued on with the conversation as I left.
“You had no business lettin’ em go.” said the other man across the room.
“Dere was nothin’ stoppin’ him from goin’.” Mr. Wright replied, “This is somethin’ he’ll need to figure out on his own.” he drew deep on his cigarette and held it for a moment or two, as he exhaled an opaque cloud of smoke wafted across the room.
“Boy’s really brave, really stupid or really ignorant or all of de above.” Wright said.
“I’d go wit’ option D.” the other man replied, “Typical millennial generation, am I right?” and giggled at his response. Ol’ Wright looked over at the other man stacking cans of pickled okra and smiled a bit but he did not laugh. Ol’ Wright just stood leaned over on the counter looking like he was coming down with a fever. In his eyes you could see the fear looming inside of him. That maybe the las’ anyone will see of dat boy he thought to himself.
What kinda of fool did he take me for? I asked myself, what a load shit that was.
“The Pukwudgie?” I asked, just the way it rolled off of my tongue sounded wacky.
A few more minutes in that place and I would’ve turned crazy like Casey Anthony.
As I turned off onto an unpaved side road a metal frame sign was posted up at the intersection, it read “Copicut Road”. The ground was eroded and still laved by the runoff from the rainfall the night before. The placid water splashed my windshields leaving my field of sight veiled with an accumulation of lumpy, mush. I continued driving, passing the occasional pick-up truck veered off to the side of the road and even a group of hikers marching along both sides of the road in staggered formation; it reminded me of an army ruck march. Make sure you’re careful and make sure you wear your neon strap around your backpack, its turkey and pheasant season, those woods will be teemin’ with hunters my granddad told me the night before. I wasn’t entirely sure what my reasons were for coming this far out of my way just to walk these trails, but I knew it had something to do with Brian. I needed closure and I knew I would not find that anywhere close to home, but what would I be proving by traveling out here.
3:26 PM
I found a spot that looked rather promising. I parked my car off to the side of the road and loaded my backpack. Last minute accountability check, a roast beef sandwich, two Special- K pastry bars, two tangerines, a banana, a bottle of water, a bottle of PowerAde, a nutrigrain bar, a flash light (with a spare set of batteries), a spare pair of socks, my vanguard buck knife which I strapped to my belt for easy access, a portable med-kit with a cylindrical canister of Rawleigh antiseptic salve I bought at the market. Lastly there was my Smith & Wesson .38 Snubnose revolver, or as the golden agers liked to call “a lemon-squeezer”. While at the time I was not swayed by Mr. Wright’s outlandish ghost stories, I was still not one who liked to venture out on his own without a contingency plan. What’s that old sayin’? The pessimist looks down and hits his head, while the optimist looks up and loses his footing, and the realist looks forward and adjusts his path accordingly.
I took the revolver and tucked it into my back waistband for quick access purposes.
I looked and saw the marker sign hammered to a tree trunk, it read “Hathaway trail”. There was no ulterior motive behind my choice; I just felt I was far enough away from people now and I could be with just myself. I started meandering down the trail’s long path. I looked up and saw the crisp, copper leaves on the trees; they swayed back and forth in the autumn wind, my cheeks were flush red by the harsh cold, but it did not trouble me in the least bit. At last I thought, peace and quiet.
Hours go by and nothing thus far. I was beginning to think I was right about ol’ Mr. Wright being off his rocker. The forest was content; all except for the just barely audible noise of cars on the highway, meaning I wasn’t entirely cut off from civilization. The clouds lingered overhead like schooners, sailing slowly above me, trailing their shadows like wakes. I came across an old ‘58 Plymouth Fury with most of its original character despite its rusted exterior. The vehicle’s naturally red exterior was scorched by decades of rust, its corroded color was like carnelian or perhaps more like red velvet cake. What was once an extravagant piece of luxury was now just a piece of scenery reclaimed by nature and completely buried in foliage and pine straw.
I then noticed something, it didn’t mean anything at first, but it struck me as being out-of-place. It sounded like a tree branch snapping. Not a light snap, but more of a heavy break like something forcing its weight down on top of the fallen limb. I looked over my shoulder and listened for a moment or two, there was nothing after that. Perhaps it was just another hiker, or an animal passing by but it sounded too heavy to be anything small like a possum, or a raccoon. It had to be something fairly large, but I did not let that idea hang around in my mind for too long.
I proceeded walking for a little while longer then made haven on a broad table of rock that was positioned up a steep slope overlooking the lower basin. I could not see very much as the trees and undergrowth obstructed my view. Black bear and white-tailed deer once roamed this valley many decades ago. Nowadays, the black bear population had been depleted due to excess hunting and while white-tailed deer were still native to this valley and places west of here, they were scarcer due to mankind’s yearning for ownership of land. Places this far east were mostly colonized, so moments like these in places like this were in short supply these days.
I unlatched my bag and took out the bottle of water. By the time I was done sipping the bottle I had managed to drink nearly three quarters of it. I then proceeded to eat one of the tangerines, the nutrigrain bar and one of the Special-K bars I brought along with me. I was about ready to eat my sandwich when I decided my appetite wasn’t quite there yet. I rested my head against a slab of rock that protruded out of the hilltop. I leaned back and shut my eyes for a little; I wanted to catch my breath before I continued on. I set the timer on my phone to wake me in about fifteen minutes. I closed my eyes and then I awoke to the sound of my alarm going off. The birds in the trees still sang confidently, the crows were cawing in a vexatious manner and I felt as if I had just shut my eyes a few moments ago, but that was just a natural feeling people have when they’re tired. While it was tempting to stay in that area for a little while longer and go on sleeping like Rip Van Winkle I had places to be right then. I brushed myself off, shouldered my bag and continued walking.
I’d been walking for a long time, by then I had explored those woods for hours searching for anything to substantiate its reputation for an unholy ambiance. Soon enough I came across an open field sheathed with what appeared to be barberry bushes, but I was not entirely certain. The crimson color reminded me of a burning field painting by a woman named Karin Goeppert. I’d seen the painting once before hanging at the Mount Holyoke art museum. Its vastness and ashy, murky colors were mesmerizing. It felt like there was some unknown force inside of me telling me to go take a walk. The next thing I knew I was off the path and into the field of barberry bushes.
Walking along, taking in all its beauty and splendor. Then again my journey was interrupted; I heard what sounded like footfalls moving just up ahead in front of me. It didn’t sound like chipmunks. No, whatever this was it was much too large to be any small game. A buck maybe, or a coyote perhaps, but it sounded like bare feet galloping across the grubby forest floor. Something was definitely moving out there-something big. The sound seemed to be emanating from the cover of tree branches about twenty yards ahead of me. I could not see anything as the long tree trunks and branches thwarted me view. The trees were covered in dim shadows allowing the interloper to move about unseen. I stood frozen to the ground for a minute, waiting, listening, and watching. Whatever it was, I was beyond certain it was still there and it was still watching me; hunkered down to the ground, staring at me with great intent. I slowly moved my hand back towards where my .38 was posted. I wrapped my fingers around the warm, leather grip, tinkering with the hammer on its backside. I waited another moment till finally I drew the pistol out and fired one round into the air. The crash of the bullet cleared my ear drums and sounded like a rocket launch. I heard it again; the interloper was now moving away from me, each passing second it retreated farther and farther back into the forest.
I stood there for a minute listening to the sounds of its footfalls against the underbrush and falling tree branches. Whatever it was its gone now I thought to myself. But what if it comes back? A wary voice in my head asked me. If it comes back, then next time I won’t shoot up…
4:55 PM
The sun was now falling over the Appalachian Mountains; I was walking up a steep slope. The trails were swathed with trash; Starbucks Styrofoam coffee cups, bags of Lays potato chips, Doritos, Fritos and candy wrappers. There was graffiti on some of the rocks that jutted out of the hillside; some rather insightful and some rather cliché. One piece of scripture that stood out to me was a message on a boulder embedded into the hillside that read…
WE ARE
INFINITE
I could not help but laugh out loud; I thought it was sort of an impractical thing to write, kids will say anything to sound insightful these days. While the quote was very ambiguous
I had my ideas as to what the writer was projecting to his readers. Kids these days thinking there was nothing they could not achieve; that they were limitless, impossible to measure. It was all just a load of rubbish, nothing in this world lasts forever and nothing in this world is perfect (I should know that better than most people) but I digress.
I walked along listening to the sounds of the birds on the tree tops, the crickets were itching their legs into an autumn humming, and frogs were throat swollen like ladies with goiters shouting up into the evening sky and the occasional rattling pitch of a woodpecker. Then suddenly, I felt coldness in my veins. A loud wailing sound from up ahead, as soon as I heard it I teared up, consider me “pussy” but I knew something was approaching from uphill. Not an animal or a person but a sound that seemed rather distant but was closing in fast. It was moving so fast that I would expect to see the origin of it at any moment. There was no grotesque shape or large unthought-of beast, but instead a maniacal laughter flew down the hillside in frenzied cycles. I could hear the voice on the wind calling my name, it was so close now and I feel as if the origin of the laughter was without form, no embodiment to call home, just a loud and sharp voice that might make an incriminating shadow along the seam of my pants. I listened to the sound as it moved all around me. The wind began to pick up speed; heaps of leaves drew out from the forest and flew right past me. The revolver tucked into my back belt loop felt useless now. The voice rose and fell into a guttural, chuckling before it faded out all together. In that moment I felt as if I had just seen (or heard was perhaps the more suitable way to describe it) a poltergeist.
The cold laughter was gone and the monotonous whine of the wind returned. I struggled as a wad of spit lodged itself in my throat, my chest rose in jagged cycles as I forced out a murky, yellow wad of lung butter onto the rocky surface. I stood staring stolidly into the abyss of the woods asking myself what it was that I just saw happen. Then I decided to not to let ol’ man Wright’s fairytales get the best of me.
“A loon,” I said, “just a loon…”
A loon, a voice inside my head asked me, at this time of year?
“Yeah…” I whispered; just a flock of them on their annual migration south to the Carolina’s or Georgia maybe.
The sky was painted with mahogany, orange and purple as the sun drowned in the horizon, the clouds held the promise of a calm and peaceful night. It’s time I start headin’ back.
I looked down at my wrist watch and doubled back for a second when I realized the time was incorrect. My watch said 3: 25 PM but there was no way that could be true. Damn things broken again I told myself. But I didn’t falter, I reached for my phone in my back pocket, unfortunately I was all out of juice there, just one problem after the other. I was a man in the woods without any way of telling time or any form of communication. No matter, I’ll just double back the way I came and eventually I should hit the main road, easy-peazy-lemon-squeezy.
I was nowhere closer to where I’d parked my car. Everything looked the same; the night sky loomed in the far distance. My heart ached when I realized I had not seen any mile markers, or any sign of people for at least an hour. I found myself inadvertently peering back over my shoulder from time to time, as if I’d hoped to find a man in a black hood and cassock standing behind me. After all, the ol’ timer mentioned the devil’s pawns occupied these here woods. Had there been any, surely I would have seen them by now, wouldn’t I? A million follow-up questions grazed across mind. My brain was so rattled that I couldn’t tell which way was up and which way was down. I stopped on the trail just for a sec; I unstrapped my sack and began to dig through it. A large word in neon red letters lit inside my mind at this point, the word was Eureka! I’d found the flashlight I’d brought with me. I turned it on; its radiance exceeded my expectations. I proceeded down the slope, the forest was now without sound, and while it struck me as being odd, it didn’t put a damper on my confidence. I was still not convinced there was anything supernatural going on in Freetown forest.
I was worried but I’d remembered looking at a map before I came out here and on that map I remembered there was a brook somewhere nearby, Rattlesnake Brook. The thing I remembered most from survival training in the army was if you ever find yourself lost in the woods and do not have access to a compass, a map, a protractor or a pencil then search for running water. Running water always leads to the ocean, where there is ocean there is civilization, and where there is civilization there is people. I felt as if my confidence was restored. Shouldn’t be too hard to find, all I have to do is be patient and listen for running water, I thought to myself.
My field of vision grew dim and I was losing the light quickly. Then I heard something, something I felt I should not hear this far out in the woods. It sounded like laughter, like a child’s laughter. I turned and did a one-eighty spin. Where was it coming from? I asked myself.
“Is someone there?” I called out shyly, but no one replied.
Then just up ahead something entered my peripheral vision, a blurry mix of grey and white ran from one side of the path to the other. It moved on all fours like a chimp, but the thing I remembered definitively about it were just three bony fingers on each hand passing through the bush. I’d never seen my own two feet work like they did that day; I began sprinting in the opposite direction howling with uncontrollable fright. I went off the trail and started fumbling through the tree branches and thorn bushes. I did my best to keep my speed on pace, I was moving faster than an old maid trying to catch the bridal bouquet. As the brush thickened I soon couldn’t tell which direction I was running now. My pant leg got caught only for a moment or two, but I managed to shimmy myself free and kept on moving.
I saw an opening just up ahead where the darkened sky peered down on top of me. I jolted through those bushes and leaped out into the open, but when I realized I was not standing in a field, my heart sank. I felt as if I’d stepped in some runoff from a sewage pipe. The stench hit me first, the mixture of something rotten and something dead. I’d realized I had stepped into a bog; the mist draped itself around my knees, the ground was loose and moist. My feet had sunken maybe ten inches into the loose, grime ridden earth. I struggled to lift my ankles out from the mud; a loud suction noise followed by an outward rupture of mire and grunge as I pulled my feet free from the earth’s clasp. I lost my balance only for a moment, but it was enough to send me tumbling backwards into the tree line. I felt like a bottle of suds that was shook too hard. I felt as if my mind fabricated everything out of thin air, sheer desperation or another part of me that took pleasure in watching me struggle; feeding off my anxiety. There was no more containing it, I was frightened and I was lost.
“GOD DAMNIT!” I yelled, “Owe Jesus find me in the Alps. What do you want from me?!”
It wasn’t until afterwards I’d discovered I had stepped into Hockomock swamp. Something overcame me, I felt fatigued all of a sudden, as if I’d just ran the Boston Marathon. My eyesight doubled, I shook my head trying hard not to pass out. A regiment of black moths clouded my vision; I could feel myself beginning to tip backwards. My stomach felt bilious, this was a fight between me and my stomach and I was losing badly. Remember what the ol’ timer said, the mist and the marsh tinkers with your mind. I had to get out of that place and quickly, had I stayed there any longer I would have fainted and fallen face first into the marsh and would be a late night snack for whatever came passing by. I turned back and tried to find my bearings, but I froze when I saw it.
“The Hell is that?” I asked myself. An animal My conscience replied. The thing was tangled in the weeds and the forest’s undergrowth. I moved cautiously towards it. It’s dead. It was a deer at one point, but now it was just a memory. It was split open like a piñata; its face was half-gone, a whole section was torn out from its chest, its ribs were picked clean, its entrails lay on the ground partly eaten, the blood was hardened and black like a woodchuck’s asshole. Its eyes…What happened to its eyes? I thought. In the place where its eyes should have been were two vacant, black holes. It took its eyes. This wasn’t hunger, this wasn’t instinct this was…rage a raspy voice in my head replied.
Abomination was the first word that came to mind. Only something so horrible could do something so evil. Then I began contemplating what might have actually been the wrongdoer in this act. A coyote I considered it for a minute, but I knew right away I was wrong. No, not a coyote, coyotes don’t do this; A lynx if large enough, perhaps? Then I heard an indistinct voice join in the conversation. It was a voice I had no association with before in my life. The voice sounded prim and proper with an icy undertone that was overflowing with pique. You know what did this…the cold voice replied. It’s been watching you…
“There’s no such thing as a Pukwudgie…” I said and would continue to repeat to myself over and over and over and over again.
Must we play games, my inquisitive friend? We both know you are just lying to yourself the voice said tauntingly. It takes their eyes so no one has to bear witness to its revolting appearance.
“Why don’t you just piss off already?” I said now trying to shoo away the voice.
Just like that it left, did not put up much of a fight. Perhaps my frustration was enough to drive it off, but it would be back, that much I was certain. It would let me win this round, but it would be back.
Beside the animal’s remains in the marsh I saw what appeared to be deep impressions like something on all fours had bolted off. They proceeded northward in the opposite direction from which I’d come. Whatever it was it’s since moved on elsewhere. Lord knows whatever mauled this deer may come back. Let the meats ripen some more before it comes back and finishes the leftovers. The sun was almost entirely gone now and I was still no closer to finding my way out of this forsaken place. As I moved further and further away from the marsh I felt my vision begin to restore itself. The mesh of knots in my stomach vanished but I did not feel well again for in the back of my mind I knew something was with me back there in the bog, I could not shake the feeling that I was under surveillance, that something was watching me carefully from the trees.
I’d managed to find my way back onto one of the trails, but with there being very little daylight leftover from the afternoon I could not tell if I was going the right way (back towards the road) or the wrong way (further into the forest). My light flickered a time or two, the batteries were beginning to die but I was in no real danger of losing the light just yet for I was wary enough to purchase an extra set of batteries back at the Main Street market before coming into these woods. It may have been the best decision I had made thus far in my day, or possibly the remainder of my life I thought to myself.
I stopped along the trail, when I moved away from my mind and took a moment to listen to the sound of the woods. I was startled when I realized there was no sound. The sound of the birds in the tree branches were gone as well as the delicate movement of squirrels and chipmunks moving in the bushes. To the untrained eye (or ear) that seemed like nothing, but to a man such as me, nature does not go quiet unless there was something foreboding nearby. I opened the cylinder to my .38 and checked to make sure I got a good count on the number of rounds I had left. Four unused rounds still loaded in the cylinder along five more spares I had tucked away in my front, right pocket. I closed the cylinder and held the gun at the low and ready. I kept my finger outside the trigger guard; I did not want to risk startling myself and inadvertently waste a round. I had only nine casings left so I had to make them count. I lifted the flashlight and pointed it ahead. Then to the trail behind me something moved. I whirled around with the flashlight pointed down the trail and the revolver this time up and at the ready with my finger wrapped over the trigger. I was caught off guard by a man standing in the middle of the path about ten yards back. His arms were folded; he wore a long, black cassock and a hood like those satanic cultists ol’ Wright talked about. Was this one of ‘em, I asked myself, is this one of the cultists Mr. Wright spoke of?
“WHO ARE YOU?!” I yelled. The man did not reply he just stood there staring at me unresponsively through the black hood.
“SHOW YOURSELF!” I demanded, “LET ME SEE YOUR FACE!” I was now blaring orders at my concealed visitor. The man did not step forward nor did he speak, he merely withdrew his pale, white hands from the sleeves of his cassock and pulled back the cover from his face. When I finally saw what lied beneath the hood, the hand which wielded the revolver fell to my side. What I saw beneath the hood was something I could not fathom. It was the face of my deceased brother, Brian.
“It can’t be?”I whispered. The man in the cassock said nothing; he just continued staring at me.
“But I saw you die…” I said to the man. The woods was silent, the light in the sky was now gone and turned to a perpetual grey. The gentle wind blew up piles of leaves in dancing dervishes.
“WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!” my voice was no longer demanding but was enraged. “YOU CAN’T BE HIM! SO TELL ME WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!”
Finally the man in the cassock spoke, not with the same voice as my late brother but with the same cold voice that had spoken to me earlier in the back of my mind, “I am the Keeper of this place…”the voice was just as prim and proper as before but it did not sound so hateful like before. “I’ve lived in these woods for a very long time…”
“Why do you look like my brother?” I asked.
“I had to take the shape of someone you knew, I can appear as others if you’d like?” said the man in the cassock.
“Don’t…” I replied. While it was rather difficult to see his face again, it did me some good seeing him in good health and without the sickish, yellow tinge he wore on his skin in his final days.
“What do you want with me? Are you the reason I am lost?” I asked.
“I have not nor have I been responsible for any such ill-will acts.” the man replied. “As you’ve seen, I am not the only one who dwells within these woods. I am how you might say the warden here, the custodian, the curator, the guardian or just simply the keeper of the woods.” The man in cassock said in resentful tone. “There are other spiteful specters that live in these woods. You should’ve listened to the ol’ timer…this place is cursed.” I felt as if I were on the verge of crying, but my pride was every bit as important to me as the life which I held dearly to right then. Whether this man was real or not, balling in front of others was truly degrading in my opinion; I could not remember the last time I cried in front of others, not since I was young was my supposition. Not at the wake or the funeral or any other event following, or even that night when the pain hurt the most.
“That is what brought you here. Whether you believe in them or not you came here because of the reputation this forest holds. You may say that it is all rubbish, but before you answer that remember who you are speaking to.”
While I wanted to deny his claims, I could not lie to the man in the cassock; if he truly was what he says he was then lying to him would be as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
“I wanted to see if the myths were real or not…” I said in a husky, whining whisper, “I just wanted proof that there was something after this life, but-”
“But you did not anticipate your speculations would be true?” the man interjected.
I breathed deeply then asked the man, “What is it…The thing in the woods, the thing that’s been stalking me?”
The man in the cassock stared phlegmatically at me for a moment or two then he replied,
“It was once human…” I felt my heart skip a beat when he spoke. The thought of whatever it was out there and the thought that it was once a human frightened me dearly. “Now it is just a thing in the woods.”
“Will it kill me?” I asked now feeling like I was on the brink of falling onto the cold, dirt path and begin crying.
“Perhaps…” the man said questionably, as if he was not sure what the answer was himself.
“Is there any hope for me?”
“Perhaps…”
“Dammit is that all you can say to me?!”
The man did not reply this time, he just continued staring at me intently. Everything went quiet again for a minute then he began to speak.
“Why have you not visited him?”
“What?”
“Your brother’s grave, you have not visited him since his funeral.”
“Is this why you’re here? You’re here to chastise me?”
“No…” the man replied. “I simply want your answer, and then I will decide.”
“Decide on what?” I asked. To this the man made no reply.
I looked at him till my face turned red, then I decided not to waste anymore time.
“I-I don’t know…” I said as if I was on the verge of tears. “I’ve asked myself that same question so many times and so many times I come back with nothing. I feel as if I am a bad person, how much can a person love someone when there are no tears worth shedding? Part of me resents myself because of it. I wished I had sobbed like a little boy at his funeral, I wished I could release all of this hate I should feel…but instead I feel like a hollow shell. Just an empty space on the inside…”
We stood for a moment without saying anything. “Now,” I replied. “Are you satisfied?” I asked the man in the cassock.
“Yes.” The man replied.
“Now tell me, what is your answer?”
The man went for the longest time without saying anything, I thought I would have to yell at the top of my lungs but finally he said to me. “No…” he replied.
“No?” I asked.
“My answer is no. I cannot help you.”
“But you said-”
“I said I would hear your story that does not mean I will be the one to help you. Whether you survive or not is not up to me, son. That is up to you.” He said pointing one pale finger toward me. “I can’t guarantee the beast will keep away or that the vengeful spirits of this place will stay at bay, but in the end the decision falls on you…”
The more I listened, the more I felt I was speaking to my brother again and not some manifestation of a man in a black cassock.
“What happens is between you and him…”
“Who?” I asked.
“Him…” he pointed towards the sky, I looked up anticipating that I’d find the answer above me, but all I could see was the dark, blue atmosphere. Then I realized what he’d meant.
“You’re talkin’ about the big man upstairs?”
“To me he has no name, he is simply just him.” I laughed at his response.
“The last time I spoke to him for a favor, my brother died…so I do my best to stay out of his way.”
“I understand your animosity; humans are always so vindictive when a tragedy befalls them.
The soul’s journey is one of grace and pure misery. The cosmos guides us and nurtures us, much like a loving parent…”
For a man who resembles a cultist he seems so gentle.
“But that parent knows the value of tough love. Often it leads us into a place that brings us suffering and where that suffering can deepen our wisdom. And it is perfectly willing to allow us to make irrational choices which can lead to unbearable outcomes. Do you understand what I mean, son?” I did not respond to his question though.
The Keeper of the woods I thought to myself.
I had so many questions I wanted to ask but the next thing I remember, I was laying against a tree trunk off to the side of the trail. It was just a dream I told myself. An hour maybe an hour and a half had gone by no doubt, the sky was pitch-black and my flashlight flickered more frequently than before. Before I proceeded with anything else I quickly took out the spare set of Duracell AA batteries and replaced the ones in my flashlight. I felt comforted by the idea that the man in the black cassock was never real; however, I was not fully convinced that it was a dream. For no matter how hard I tried I could not remember falling asleep. I could not remember resting, (hardly seemed like the right time for it) I could not remember any break in my consciousness and it didn’t feel like a dream, that was what worried me most.
Suddenly the stillness of the forest was shattered by the most uncommon of sounds; it came without warning or audible approach and ricochet through the pine tops. It was a voice no doubt, a voice that was almost human-gruff yet despondent. It was a soft roaring voice overhead in the trees rather than on the ground. The sound reminded me of the time my family and I went to the Southwick zoo and visited the lynx habitat, this voice in some way resembled the sounds of those creatures. The voice rang out in three distinct notes, and then all at once they vanished, the sound was cut off like a phonograph needle lifted from a recording. I spun around, my gun drawn pointing in every direction. These sounds were awful and made me want to curl up into a ball and wait for someone to come and save me; but no one would save me now, there was no else around but myself and the thing in the woods. A choked cry for help forced itself up into my throat, but nothing came out. The woods was preternaturally silent again but then a sound not like before came rushing from beside. A scrabbling noise followed by the rustle of dry brush, something was coming.
Run my mind told me. Run and keep runnin’ till you can’t run no more. So I did, I ran with all my might up the path’s steep slope. The sound was ringing in my ears, it was all around me, and it swarmed over me. My lungs were set afire by the exertion and my muscles began to ache and grind like cogs in an old machine. Till finally I could run no more; I could not stand upright, the weight of my bag in conjunction with the terrain tired me out more quickly than I had anticipated. That awful sound still rang in my ears like wind chimes, but wind chimes played a pleasant jingle, the sound of the beast was lamentable. Then a new sound followed the screeching, a loud and vile cackle. It was in the trees laughing manically, savoring in the moment, letting the meat mellow in fear before gorging on my flesh like a dog gnawing at a piece of steak.
The thing in the woods was catching up to me quickly; I tried to catch my breath and keep moving forward, unfortunately I did not notice the tree root jutting out of the ground at my feet. I put one foot forward then to my surprise the next thing I knew I was falling forward; my hands were flailing through the air as I tumbled over onto the gravel path. The pain was excruciating, my ankle was filled with fire and ice. It felt like a swarm of wasps was stinging me all at once. The thing climbed through the trees, I could see it hobbling forward like a man with a bad limp. My flashlight had fallen out of my reach and my pistol was lost somewhere in the dark now, I was vulnerable and I was unarmed. I picked up a stone and threw it into the brush hoping to strike the beast hard enough to drive it away but I missed. I scrabbled around searching for more stones; I continued chucking one after the other into the blackness. One after another missing my target, I ran out of stones to pitch, as they say I was out of ammo.
Then at length of the darkness, having thus laboriously conceived brought forth an obscure figure. It drew forth into the uncertain light where light and shadows mingled, not six feet away; then it halted and stared down at me. In an instant it started forward again with the spasmodic motions of a puppet being moved on wires. The thing couldn’t be more than three maybe three-and-a-half feet in height, its hands and its feet were unusually large for its body. Its skin was pale white like a ghost’s, its blackened teeth in broken stubs; they resembled old tombstones, it was mostly skin and bones but with a savage bundle of muscles in all the right places. I attempted to crawl away and build space between me and the thing but it stepped out from the brush and onto the trail. Its back right leg was gnarly, and misshapen. Clear signs of a gunshot wound probably from some hunters round which was unfortunate enough not to strike it through the heart.
“God in heaven…” I whispered.
I froze, I could not scream. I tried to bellow out a shout for help but nothing came up. It rushed forward at me; with the use of my left foot I booted it in the face. A fresh film of blood spat out the corner of its mouth. Now it was more riled than before. I tried bringing my foot forward again but it leaped on top of me. I could feel its icy fingers against my belly’s bare skin. I tried to wriggle myself free of its touch but it was stronger than it appeared. Its fingernails were long and uneven, they grazed against my skin before I felt a sharp penetration followed by the odd smell of iron and pennies and a warm runny matter trickling down my abdomen. Am I dying, I thought, is this how it ends for me? I felt its warm breath on my face and on the dip of my neck; this made my hairs stand on end. Its mouth began to open, with my one free hand I reached for my knife. I ripped the blade from its sheath and brought it forward into its left thigh, blood flew all over. Its blood was different, some kind of dark matter, somber grey like an overcast sky and thick as molasses in December.
The gun was too far out of my reach. I forced myself to flip over onto my stomach; the thing in the woods mounted my back and began tearing away the fabric and Velcro of my bag. The violent thrashing as it dragged me across the ground; the straps of my bag were torn from my shoulders. But its interest was not in me but the bag, it searched through every crevice, every compartment, as if it were searching for something in particular; till finally it pulled out a small, translucent, plastic bag. It was the sandwich I had packed for my trip.
The meat! A voice in my head cried.
This was my only chance. It took the bag in both hands covetously and began tearing the meat and spitting out all the nonessentials. I scrambled for the gun searching all over for it. I could hear its blunt teeth rip into the meat; the sounds of frenzied feeding and the appearance of the abomination behind me reminded me of George A. Romeo’s fright fest film, Night of the Living Dead. I could hear strangled cries of people in my head, the smell of the decaying flesh in my nostrils and I could see the mangled bodies of victims all over the ground. The sound of my heartbeat in my ears was like thrumming wings of a caged bird; I yearned for the cold, metallic cylinder of the weapon, praying for the feel of it somewhere. Next thing I knew the thing was on me again.
I could not fight back so well due to my ankle; it pulled me back towards it with one strong hand, it would paint the forest red with my blood. I cried out, screaming till my voice grew hoarse. My arms out by my sides looking for anything to grab hold of. That’s when I felt it, the cold, steel barrel of the revolver. With one last surge of energy I forced the animal back and scrambled for my weapon. It came back at me, this time standing on two legs like a man, arms fanned out like a scarecrow and that despicable cackle of it was the last thing I heard before the sound of the woods was replaced by the thunderous boom and an ear shattering crack like lighting with a bright orange, red and blue blaze that lit the air. That ungodly scream, I did not hesitate, I fired two more rounds. In the wake of the light I saw the animal driven backwards into the tree line. It cried out in agony, the sound of its scream was almost human. I wanted to shut it out, to cover my ears and wait for it to stop but I would not be able to no matter how hard I tried; I could not erase that sound from my memory. I waited; my field of vision was clouded by blue, red and yellow blemishes. I listened to the sound of its feet on the dry forest floor, moving farther and farther away until the sound was subdued by the chirp of crickets. I didn’t kill it, I just drove it away. I drove it away just as God drove away Adam and Eve from the Garden of Eden.
The gash on my belly was not as deep as I had imagined, but the sight of the blood was nauseating. I took out the med-kit from my bag, I smeared the wound with Rawleigh salve and put some gauze over the wound and wrapped it with a bandage. I did not want to spend any more time than I needed there. I picked up my flashlight and my .38 and moved on. The beast was gone but I angered it.
Time went by like it did before and like it would do so after. I remembered the throbbing pain in my ankle worsened the more I moved it. That pain was so intense it threatened to obliterate all thought. Sometime a half-hour later as I came to the top of a steep slope I felt as if a stone tablet had been lifted from my heart. Twenty maybe thirty yards ahead of me I saw a road gate and beyond that was asphalt surface. Civilization! I chanted in my head.
I moved as fast as my body would allow me to. The agonizing pain pulsating through my joints and my muscles fired on all cylinders. As I got closer to the gate I felt my body grow stiff again. I stopped just a few feet away from the threshold of the forest. I looked back and standing just ten feet behind me in the center of the trail was the man in the black cassock. I was not sleeping this time (this time I knew for sure). His hood was pulled back, his brow was furrowed and his lips were pursed. He was smiling; so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness, just like how Brian use to. On this face, it was a sign of bliss. My throat got dry, and my chest felt light. I turned my back on the man in the cassock as my eyes welled with tears, I tried sniffing discretely when I realized that a great passage of my life had come and gone. I did not cry then, but I would cry now.
“I loved you, Brian.” I said aloud.
Then I began walking towards the road. I walked until the man in cassock was recaptured by the darkness of the forest.
The End
CREDIT : Connor Scott
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

We were all there that day. The day they released him. Me and Kent, Bonnie and Simon, Nora and Anthony, Dustin and Patrick, and Darlene. We didn’t bring the kids. I think it was Nora’s idea to leave them at home. And it was Patrick’s idea to go watch the release. Chad Lamb strode from the prison, wearing the smirk that had won us over six long years ago. He stopped at the gate, spotting us. Dustin waved. Darlene raised a finger to her throat and slowly dragged it across in the classic execution motion. Lamb scowled, exited the gate, and turned west, heading for the bus stop. There was an empty lot across from the prison where we waited by our cars. Lamb, I was happy to see, continuously checked over his shoulder as we watched him walk away. He wasn’t afraid, but he was cautious. When he disappeared from view, Nora said flatly, “It’s time. We need to go to her now.”
Three years ago, the kids had started having nightmares. They woke up crying, but would refuse to say why. They’d started making up excuse to avoid going to school. And they’d reacted with fear around Mr. Lamb, their charming, engaging new teacher. Finally, over the summer, Patrick and Dustin had taken their adopted daughter Yuan to a consular, who’d convinced her to open up. Lamb had touched her. Had touched several other students. With a little more pressing, Yuan gave a few more names. Dustin and Patrick had gone to their parents, gone to us. It was hard. I didn’t want to believe it, but Stan had been so scared. He’d evaded us, refused to answer the questions at first, but finally broke down. He’d been convinced he’d get in trouble. So had Violet, Eddie, and the twins Tyler and Beatrice. Lamb had done a real number on them. The police had been wonderful. Slowly, gradually, the children built up their courage to testify. My stomach twisted as I recalled Violet breaking down in tears on the stand in court. Poor, sweet Violet. Then again, Violet wasn’t sweet anymore. She went from a shy, helpless seven year old victim to a ten year old black belt with a mean streak. Six year old Kayla had the meanest, toughest sister in school. If only Beatrice had been so strong. Once again, I thanked God it hadn’t been my Stan. Then felt horrible for the thought. I heard the car stop, and looked up. We were in front of her shop. I could see the other parents waiting in front of the emerald door. “Come on.” Kent said wearily. “She hates it when we’re late for our appointments.”
The shop was crowded with books, animal bones, statues of gods and fairies, strings of strange plants, and several ancient weapons. The glass counter at the back separated the public shop from the private meeting room. Darlene trudged to the counter and hit the bell once. A black curtain, emblazoned with purple eyes, was pulled aside, revealing Coda. “Heya parentals! Today’s the day, ain’t it!” Coda was always cheerful, no matter what. He had long, sharp teeth, and nails to match, with eyes as yellow as candle flames. If I’d cared, I might have wondered what he was. The boy wasn’t human. She had confirmed that. “I’ll get The Bone Woman, ‘kay?” Coda offered, disappearing back behind the curtain. “Come on!” He called, and we followed. As we always had. Nora had found her. I never asked how. The Bone Woman’s might had been proven to me, and her effectiveness was all that mattered to me. We each took our usual seats around The Bone Woman’s table, and waited. Eventually, Coda returned, leading his master by the hand. The Bone Woman’s glass eyes gazed sightlessly over us as Coda gently helped her into her massive, throne like armchair. She had a thick book, bound in a shining white material. We’d seen the book before. She’d shown it to us the first time we’d visited her. The Caligo Veneficus. The Darkest Magic. One of only thirteen in the world. Bound in the flesh of a murdered priest, the stitching done in human hair, taken from a mother who died in childbirth, and the ink it was written in mixed with the blood of a hanged man. “Are you sure?” She asked, breaking the silence. “We’re sure.” We said in unison. She nodded grimly, flipping the book open to a page near the center. The Iratus Motuus. The Angry Dead. Nora and Anthony looked grim and determined. Bonnie put her hand on Nora’s shoulder. “Are you sure, honey? Completely sure?”
“This is the only way to put things right.” Anthony said, and Nora nodded. The Bone Woman shooed Coda away. “I will need the item.” She said as he left. Nora reached into her pocket, and removed a silver necklace. A heart shaped chunk of aquamarine winked cheerfully in the fire and candle light. Anthony swallowed, tears in his eyes, as soon as he saw the necklace. I remembered that necklace. Beatrice’s favorite. She’d been wearing it even when they found her in her room, hanged by her belt. A news article proclaiming Chad Lamb’s coming release from prison clutched in her hand. Nora regretfully handed the jewelry to The Bone Woman. The shaman took it, inspected it, and nodded. “Her soul has left a mark upon this object. It will work. It will call to her.” Coda came back, holding several bottles, cans, and herbs. He dropped these unceremoniously onto the table, and then turned to a shelf in the room, fetching a brass pot from it. He set this on the table too, and vanished again.
As we watched in silence, The Bone Woman went to work. She seemed to not need eyes to identify what was what. She seized a decanter of dark, red wine, pouring it into the pot, and began to chant. Three yellow rose blossoms, a pinch of salt, seven rabbit bones, a lock of red human hair, a handful of grave yard dirt, snake fangs, on and on and on. The brew began to smoke and steam without being boiled, and The Bone Woman’s chanting grew faster and louder. I heard Beatrice’s name sprinkled in the foreign chant. Lamb’s name as well. Finally, she reached the finally stage of it. “Arise, my child, arise, arise, arise! Your killer now walks free, and justice has done not its duty. The time of justice is gone, now comes vengeance. Arise, my child, arise, arise, arise!” There was a burst of sound, and lavender smoke poured from the pot, filling the room and blinding us. A tortured, horrified scream split the air.
The smoke cleared, and The Bone Woman looked at us gravely. “It is done. She shall be waiting for you at the agreed upon place. Go to her. But, Nora, Anthony, be warned. This is not your daughter. This is an instrument of revenge and unholy justice. Remember that.”
The coffin stank. And the body was disgusting. Why did she get this gig? She’d wanted a fresh corpse. The body slowly reassembled, stitching itself back together via the Shamaness’ dark magic. The Bone Woman. Ah. Her. One of the strongest. Soon, the hands were fully reformed, and she’d slammed upwards, tearing open the coffin’s cherry wood lid. She pushed up, up, up, through the soft, icy Earth, and into the midnight air. The throat fixed itself, and she gulped down oxygen. She didn’t need it, but it felt nice for the body. She pulled herself up, settling her feet on the frosty grass. She knew where to go. She rolled her still repairing shoulders, and walked. Heading for the iron gates, down the dirt road, towards an abandoned barn that her master had ordered her to proceed to. “They, shall, be, waiting.” He rumbled.
The white dress was tattered, torn, the lace slightly yellowed. She’d lost a shoe on the trip up, and the another on the walk down the hill the grave was on. It was two hours to the barn, and the legs were stiff. The arms swung limping, the feet shuffling and shambling. It grew to be too much effort to keep the mouth closed, and she let it fall open, the tongue lolling out. She felt restless. She wanted to rip, tear, kill, devour. She wanted to get the job over with and go home to the fiery, sulfur-scented fields of home. The crumbling barn appeared, and she vaguely spotted several cars parked. She grimaced. Damn. Late. As she approached, she heard shouting. “The damn witch cheated us! Nothing’s here! God damn it Nora, how could you—“ She got to the door, reached up, and ripped it open. Nine living humans looked over at her, startled. One of them took a hesitant step forward. “Be-Beatrice?” The human whispered. She said nothing. Only a raspy moan for an answer.
The human drew back, gathering together, whispering. “What did she say for us to do?”
“Uh…We send her to Lamb, I think. Yeah.”
“Okay, okay.” They broke apart, and another one approached. “Es…es vos iratus…mortuus?” He fumbled out uncertainly. His Latin was awful, but she nodded once. She pulled back the blackened lips, showing the sharp teeth granted by the spell. She held up the hands, the black, claw like nails casting shadows. She gave another raspy, hungry moan, and one of the humans burst into tears. “Send her away, send her away.” She wailed. The one before her pointed back out into the night. “Chad Lamb.” He said firmly. “5831 Carmen Lane. Soon. Within a week. Understood?” She nodded, moaned, and turned, shambling away. Some instinct, evolved from the earliest days of her people, led her back outside, towards town. She did not run. She had time. So much time.
She took back roads, moving like a shadow through trees and backyards, quickly approaching Lamb’s house. She got hungrier with every step. She needed to eat! Good, she was sure the nose was picking up his scent. Finally, thank you high dark master, there was the house. There was her meal.
Chad was still up. On his computer, surfing his ‘special’ sites. Thank God that the American government still hadn’t started monitoring what registered sex offenders looked up on the web. He was so engrossed in a newly posted video, that he didn’t hear the back door open. Nor did he hear the sound of dirty, cold feet padded across his kitchen floor, through his front hall, up his stairs, down his hall, stopping in front of his closed office. He did finally hear the office door open, and looked up. “WHAT IN THE HELL??!!” Beatrice Mastin was standing in his doorway, standing in at him with puffy, sticky eyes. She smiled at him, her dirt stained fangs filling her mouth. She shuffled through the door, holding out her arms, curling her claws in and out. Chad fell off his chair, his pants around his ankles, scrambling backwards, until her ran into the far wall. Beatrice reached him, and stopped, staring down at him.
The girl, from far away in another world, asked her to say something, and she complied. After all, fear made the meat taste better. “I’m hungry, Mr. Lamb.” The man’s screams were almost as sweet as his skin.
Credit To: I live in your closet
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

I never wanted to reveal my story, but it has to be done. It’s been so long, and nobody’s known. But now I confide in you, the reader, to read my story, and attempt to comprehend the horrors I experienced. My fingers stutter and shake and tears cascade down my cheeks as I try to type this. But I warn you now, what you are reading cannot be unread.
It was just an ordinary night in my apartment. I was tired, the days at the office had been so stressful lately, and I looked forward to the quiet release of sleep. It always seemed to make everything better.
But this night was different.
The wind seemed ominous. The sky seemed darker. And as I relaxed in my chair watching my favorite sit-coms before bed, I saw what appeared as a strange silhouette standing outside my window. I focused my full sight on what i thought was there.
Nothing. Just darkness.
I figured I was just over-tired. Just a little too much work today, thats all. I finished watching my show and retired to my bed. As I tried my best to sleep I heard the door at the end of my bedroom creak. I dismissed it, too tired to get myself worked up over nothing. I then got the sense something was watching me. I tried to shake it off, I just wanted to sleep. Finally, I heard something breathing heavily and slowly. At first I thought it was me and that I was psyching myself out, so I held my breath for a moment.
It wasn’t me.
I jolted upward from my bed and opened my eyes. I became frozen as I saw, at the foot of my bed, a young girl with long, black hair, around the age of 6, in a white night-gown. She stared at me with unblinking eyes and a wide smile. She had deep cuts covering her face, and her hands that hung at her side were covered in crimson. We both sat and stood staring at each other for a good moment, until she let out a horrifying, inhuman scream. At that moment I tried to race for the door but she leapt on my, digging her nails into my face, her dark, black eyes inches away from mine, screaming all the way. The screaming became deafening and I soon lost my balance and hit my head on the table next to my bed. I lost consciousness.
I awoke in what appeared to be an empty basement. My clothes remained on, except for my shirt. I struggled to find my balance. My head was covered in dry blood. I looked at my arms. There were cuts all down them, writing down words. I found the words read “Will you play with me?” It was also written on both my sides. I gazed around the room in horror and found an iron door with blood seeping at the base. I slowly made my way there. There was no sign of the girl, though I feared she may be behind the door. Despite my fear, I had to go in.
I had to.
What I saw was horrifying, bodies lay spread across the wide room all the way to the stairwell on the opposite corner. Men, women, children, all of them laying still. Cuts on their arms and legs, similar to mine, read “will you play with me?” Except these victims had something I didn’t have. I looked at a nearby women in horror.
She laid on her back, her stomach split open, as I came closer what came into my sight was a large toy fire-truck shoved in with her entrails. I choked back vomit and backed away. A man laying against the wall had metal jacks stuck into both of his eyes. His skull had caved in, and what lay next to him was a broken baseball bat, snapped in half in a pool of blood. A young boy lay lifeless in the very middle. His mouth was wide open and sticking out of it was the beginning of a toy car track, it had been shoved down his throat. His chest was cut open and his heart lay next to his body. In place of his heart were the dismantled pieces of a doll.
I lost my control and vomited. I cried for a moment, but then the thought struck me.
“Where’s the girl?”
I didn’t think this wanting to know where she was, of course. I thought it very briefly before noticing the stairwell that stood at the corner of the room. I started walking towards it, but then I stopped…
Something behind me was breathing heavily.
I turned around, and there stood the girl, after having stood in the corner in wait the entire time I was examining the bodies. She then said, in a high voice that pierced my ears with terror.
“Will you play with me?”
She began screaming. I turned to run away, but she was on me. Knife-sharp nails driving into my back and my neck. I struggled and eventually I threw her off of me and onto the ground.
I ran for the door, but it slammed shut. I banged on it and cursed, blood running down my back. It would not open. She was on me again, I elbowed her face, she drove her nails into my back. I managed to push her off and turn around. As she lunged I caught her. Her big, black eyes inches away from mine, her nails plunged into my face. Her screams deafening my ears. She raised one hand, smiling ear to ear, and her hand plunged down on my eyes.
Everything went black.
I woke up in the hospital, bandages covering my body, including both of my eyes. A police officer stood in my room, speaking with a doctor. They saw I was awake, and smiled. They informed me I was the only survivor of a mass murder, and that the suspect, a middle aged man, had been captured. I told them about the girl. They said no girl was found at the scene. They didn’t believe me. They told me “I should rest”.
Two weeks passed, and I was cleared to leave. As I exited the hospital, permanently scarred on my arms, face, back, and sides, I passed the waiting room. It had some toys lying on the ground. The game jacks, a toy fire-truck, a doll, and a toy car track. Sitting with these toys was a small girl with long, black hair. She wore a white gown. She looked up at me and smiled widely, and in a voice that pierced every cut on my body, she said,
“Will you play with me?”
Credit To: D.S Ozolnieks
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

“We’re going down!” Captain Raul Santana yelled over the intercom. “Everybody, brace for impact!”
Hazard lights blinked a pulsing symphony of angry red while alarms bleated in terror. The plane’s nose tore through the final layer of thin white clouds as the island rushed up to catch the doomed airliner. The 747 shook violently. Screams from the passengers strapped into the cabin pierced Santana’s ears. A buried image of his final tour in Afghanistan erupted before his eyes. He winced, shoving the burning intrusion back into its shadowy box, and wrestled with the yoke. Santana’s co-pilot desperately fought for the radio controls as turbulence tossed him against his seat restraints.
The island’s golden beach taunted him as it swelled in front of the cockpit’s forward windows. Santana let his body go slack: stiffening up on impact was a guaranteed way to break bones. He turned to offer the same advice to Jenkins.
The plane slammed into the earth with a deafening boom of crunching metal. Its wings sheared cleanly from the fuselage, peeling back metal skin like a banana, throwing free the broken bodies of those too slow to buckle in. The jet’s carcass carved a path of fiery ember across the pristine beach. A flock of birds nestled in the palm trees at the sand’s edge panicked and took to flight in a flurry of flapping wings.
Get your head out of your ass, Marine. We are leaving!
Santana’s eyes popped open at the sound of his old sergeant’s voice and a gigantic breath burned into his lungs. His temples pounded like an angry war god beating a drum. The cockpit swirled as he cut through the cobwebs in his mind. He coughed a few times. With shaking hands he fumbled for the restraints’ release mechanism.
“Fucking Christ, we’re still here.”
The shoulder belts snapped free with a liberating click. Santana massaged the back of his neck and turned to Jenkins. “You still with–”
Jenkins lay slumped over the co-pilot’s yoke. The control column had splintered during the crash and impaled the young pilot through the heart. Jenkins’s hollow eyes stared back at Santana, arms dangling lifelessly. Santana reached over and closed his partner’s eyes with a gentle hand. He thought of Jenkins’s wife and their unborn daughter that would never know her father.
“I’m sorry, brother.” He wrapped his fist around the gold cross hanging from his neck and muttered a quick prayer. Santana clutched Jenkins’s shoulder as he made for the cockpit door. “I’ll check in on them.”
The cabin reeked of sudden terror and suffering. Oxygen masks hung limply beneath broken overhead compartments that had vomited their contents into the aisles. Bodies, bloodied and battered and broken, sat strapped into their death thrones, heads lolling. Some wore masks of eternal surprise. A fortunate few found their faces frozen in peaceful resignation. Santana slumped against the cockpit doorway.
“Mother of God.”
Santana’s stomach soured. He pressed the back of his hand against his mouth to fight back the retch aching to free itself. The scent of salt water wafted in from a gaping hole in the plane’s side. Santana picked his way down the aisle towards the slanted column of moonlight marking the new exit. In a seat halfway down the aisle, the body of a man in his thirties leaned over the chair to his right. The still body of a boy rested beneath his father’s sheltering arms.
Santana fought back the lump in his throat and straightened the boy’s Red Sox hat. He patted the sleeping angel’s head, repeated his prayer, and stepped outside.
Sterling moonlight painted the landscape. He squinted and panned around the crash scene. Wreckage from the plane and discarded luggage littered the beach. Fire crackled from two dozen burning piles left in the plane’s wake. Waves gently breaking against rocks sounded from a nearby crag. It’s all a joke, he thought, or a dream.
Any minute now and I’ll wake up at home.
Santana squeezed his eyes shut tight and held his breath for a moment. A shrill bird call pierced the air. He opened his eyes and looked out over the endless dark ocean blue.
“No such luck, I’m afraid,” a man’s voice, accented in heavy French, called from alongside the plane.
Santana tracked to the new voice, squinting against the glare of one of the larger fires. The man had dark skin and was dressed as though he were due to deliver a keynote speech at the U.N. And tall. Ridiculously tall. “What’s that?” Santana said.
The man loosened a bold red necktie and the top two buttons of his tailored shirt. “We all had the same feeling once we got outside. That this was all a dream.” He shrugged off his suitcoat. “My name’s LaSalle. And, sadly, I can assure you that this is no dream.”
Several sets of footprints headed away from the hole in plane’s side. “How many survivors we got down there?”
Lasalle’s head sunk. A moment passed before the Frenchman answered. “Only myself and two others.”
Four.
Only four souls out of 113 had lived to share the misery of being stranded. The weight of the perished poured concrete into Santana’s lungs. He had seen friends, more than he could count, cut down in combat. Indeed, Lawson’s final screams had haunted his nightmares right up until last night. He had lost his father one breathless gasp at a time to lung cancer. But the deaths of so many at once…
Marine, we are leaving!
Santana shook the memory of his old co-pilot’s voice free. He nodded back at the cabin. “I’m gonna check the emergency supplies. God only knows how long we’re gonna be stuck here.”
“No need. We have already salvaged all we could.”
“There’s a few other things I gotta check,” Santana replied.
He worked his way back towards the cockpit, stepping over the sprawled remains of a woman whose neck was twisted obscenely backwards. Inside the cockpit, he tapped a few buttons on the main control panel. Hidden computers whirred and a warbling beep groaned before dying. The lights on the emergency locator beacon dimmed. “You’ve got to be shitting me,” Santana said. He picked up his headset and punched a few buttons on the radio, drawing nothing but static. He checked his wristwatch, then wrestled his cellphone from his pocket. Both faces showed no signs of damage. Neither responded to his frustrated tapping.
“Wonderful.”
God only knew how long it would take for the flight to be declared overdue. He entered the five digit passcode into the keypad mounted on the captain’s locker. After a satisfying click, he opened the door, and retrieved the old Marine Corp sidearm. He stuffed the Glock-19 into the back of his waistband, taking comfort in the cool, familiar presence.
Moments later, LaSalle lead Santana a short distance from the fuselage wreckage to the survivors who had taken refuge in the shade of a wide palm tree. Santana didn’t like the look of the supremely fair-skinned man who introduced himself simply as ‘White’. Probably the shifty eyes, Santana thought. White’s neck craned upwards to Santana’s lean silhouette. The intricately tattooed swastika covering his throat smiled back at the pilot.
Santana extended a hand but White only smirked. Santana tried again with the heavyset woman seated to White’s left. Purple streaks flashed through her jet black hair. She sat with her arms folded and her chin resting against her chest. “I’m Santana.”
The woman took his hand and gave it a weak shake, before jerking her hand safely back. “I’m Melody.” Sweat glistened at Santana’s temples. He swiped at salty beads with the back of his wrist. “Nice to meet you Melody. Try and relax, everything is gonna be just fine.”
White chuckled and rolled his eyes. “Why is it every time something bad happens you G.I. Joe types are always telling people that everything will be alright?” He pinched a smooth stone between his fingers, letting it roll across each digit like a poker chip. “You know that sounds like total bullshit, right?.”
“We say it because it turns out people don’t really like hearing things like ‘Holy shit we’re all gonna burn’,” Santana replied. “And whether or not it’s true, people who believe everything will be ok can focus and be useful.”
LaSalle moved beside Santana. “He’s right. We all have to stay focused if we want to survive. Captain, how long before we can expect a rescue?”
“Tough to say, but this far out to sea standard procedure when a plane falls off of the ATC grid is to scramble a pair of Navy interceptors– F-18’s to do a fast pass of the last known location. Trouble is…”
“Go on,” LaSalle replied.
Santana sighed. “The trouble is I don’t think they’ll have any idea where to look.”
White scoffed. “Look I’m not the brightest bulb in the box, but didn’t you just say they’ll just fly on out to the last place the plane was on the GPS or whatever you call it? Look at this flaming pile of shit. The smoke has to be a mile high at least. Even Mr. Fucking Magoo could see it, especially from the air.”
“Normally I’d agree with you. But since this island isn’t supposed to be here I’d say we’re looking at some pretty out of the ordinary bullshit coming our way.”
LaSalle touched Santana’s shoulder. “What do you mean it’s not supposed to be here? How can an island just appear from nowhere?”
“Yeah, professor. How does an entire island just pop up?” White added.
Santana threw White a frigid glance. The muscles tensed in his shoulders, but he resisted the urge to ball his fists and go to work. “I have no idea. But what I do know is that I’ve made this flight a thousand times and it’s never fucking been here.”
A bird cackled from within the dense jungle. White mimicked the laugh and raised his hands in mock defense. “Hey, take it easy soldier boy. If you say it’s never been here then that’s perfectly fine by me. But I think I’m speaking for me, Beanpole and Chunky over here when I say then what the fuck are we supposed to do?”
Santana didn’t see the point in holding back the truth. They were all in the same boat. They were all facing the same longshot odds. They deserved to know exactly how long. “I don’t know. And the radio’s down… along with our locator beacon.”
Sand flew as White scrambled to his feet, throwing up his arms in exasperation. “Wait a minute. You mean to tell me that not only are we stuck on a island that doesn’t exist, but there’s no way we can call for help?” White kicked over a stack of cases of bottled water. “Well isn’t that just the icing on the fucking cake.”
LaSalle stepped forward to calm White’s outburst, but the pale-skinned man swatted the gesture away without a second glance. He marched a few steps towards the doomed flight’s captain. Santana let his right hand drift to his waistband, letting it rest just shy of his concealed sidearm.
“Well what’s the plan, Captain America? It’s your fault we’re all stuck out here on this little slice of paradise. What’s our play?” White stabbed at the air in front of Santana’s chest but wisely avoided contact.
A voice cried out from the back of Santana’s buried subconscious. Lawson. Screaming. Burning. I should have done something. He shook the memory off. “Take it easy. We’ll figure something out.”
LaSalle nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, yes. We will find–”
The arrow tore its way through LaSalle’s throat, spraying a mist of warm blood over White’s face. The tall man staggered back, clutching at the wound. His breath came in ragged wheezes and gurgles. He sank to his knees in the soft sand. Surprise swelled in his eyes as he looked to Santana for explanation, but the pilot’s own wide eyes were little more than a reflection of terror.
Before Santana could react, a second arrow exploded through the back of LaSalle’s skull, spearing an eye free of its socket, momentum plowing the dying man into a face plant. Santana snatched his pistol from his waistband and took aim at the wall of emerald jungle. “Everybody move! Now!”
“Where the fuck did that come from?” White shouted, pointing at the gun.
“Go!” Santana yelled back at the other man. An arrow sailed by his cheek, missing by inches. Santana dropped to a crouch and squeezed off two shots. A cluster of wide fronds rustled but no screams retorted..
Melody struggled to her feet, sandals flapping, nearly tumbling forward onto LaSalle’s twitching body. Her arms waved frantically for balance as she stumbled. She grabbed for White, but he knocked her desperate hands aside and bolted back for the wounded plane.
“Asshole!” Melody shouted after the fleeing man. The coarse sands scattered as her heavy footsteps plodded in pursuit.  An arrow whistled from the canopy. The razor sharp stone head tore through her calf, shooting a steak of searing agony up her leg. She collapsed with a scream. “Help me!”
Two more arrows thunked into the sand by Melody’s outstretched hands. White ducked an arrow of his own, diving behind a hulking piece of wing debris. He peeked around the torn metal. “Sorry, sweetheart. Seems like we got a ‘survival of the fittest’ thing going on here. And you don’t look all that fit.”
White quickly scanned the treeline and then bolted the last twenty feet to the makeshift entrance torn out of the plane’s side. As he breached the jagged threshold, an electrifying jolt surged through his system, throwing him aside like a discarded toy. Steam wafted from his chest while the world swirled in front of his eyes.
Santana kept the pistol raised as he reached down and pulled Melody to her feet. Icy shivers swept over her in violent waves. Her lower lip quivered as her eyes darted back and forth over the trees. He grabbed her by the chin and locked his eyes with the woman’s. “I’ve got you. We’re gonna be fine. But we gotta move now. I can’t do it alone. I need your help.”
Melody gave an unconvincing nod. Santana returned the gesture and pointed to the trees. “We need to get out of sight. And by the looks of it, that racist asshole twitching on the ground proved the plane isn’t an option. On two we’re gonna run to that break in the trees. Looks like there’s a path there.” Santana took a deep breath.
“Ready. On two. One–”
The arrow sliced through his shirt, nicking the skin just beneath his underarm. He jerked away from the sudden sting and yelled. “Go now!”
Melody hobbled for the trees, wincing with each step at the burning in her calf. Foliage crunched under unseen footsteps hidden behind the trees. Santana took aim and fired once, freezing the hidden assailant. “Keep moving!”
Fighting his better judgment, Santana raced across the beach. White had already begun to stir by the time the pilot hovered over him, pistol swinging back and forth over the treeline. “I’ll probably live to regret it, but I’ve decided I’ve lost enough people on this flight.” He reached and pulled White to his feet by a handful of T-shirt. “Even a piece of shit coward like you. Now move.”
They caught up to Melody a few minutes later. She cowered behind a wide palm tree at the side of a sandy path a hundred yards from the beach. She had gnawed the nails on her left hand down to bloody nubs. Dark eye liner traced streaks from the corners of her eyes down her cheeks. She glared at White, her eyes thinning to slits.
“Asshole.”
“Yeah, yeah. I heard you the first time,” White replied.
“Shut up, both of you,” Santana said, scanning the surroundings, “If we have a prayer of getting out of this you need to stay calm and stay quiet.”
White scoffed. “Easy for you to say, captain. You’re the one rocking the piece.”
Santana ignored the barb. There was no movement behind the trees. No more arrows. The jungle had grown deathly still; quiet as though it were holding its breath. Santana was suddenly aware of the ache in his shoulder from having kept the Glock at the ready.
“I think we’re ok.”
Melody raised a trembling hand. “Uh, arrow in the leg. Definitely not ok.”
Blood trickled down her meaty calf. Inklike streaks crawled away from the wound. Santana crouched beside her, inspecting the injury. He had seen more than enough gore from improvised anti-personnel traps in Afghanistan. “Holy hell.”
“Is it bad?” Melody stammered.
It broke his heart to lie to the doomed girl, but Santana knew the telltale signs of a neurotoxin at work. “You’ll be dancing again in no time.” He reached for the arrow, then paused.
“This is going to hurt.”
Melody bit her lower lip. “Just do it.”
Santana didn’t hesitate. He snapped the arrow’s shaft and pulled it free. Melody winced but managed to will most of the pain into silence. Santana tore a sleeve of his shirt free and quickly cinched a tourniquet. He forced a smile. “You did just fine. Last time I tied one of those the guy cried for an hour.”
White pressed a hand to his chest in mock sentiment. “How moving. But seriously, what the hell are we supposed to do? We got a bunch of assholes out there shooting arrows at us, something threw some serious smackdown on my face when I tried to take cover on the plane–”
“You mean when you ran like a coward and abandoned me?” Melody said.
A derisive grin spread over White’s lips before he continued. “And no one knows we’re here.” He gestured with a sweep of an arm. “Wherever the Hell this is.”
He hated it, but Santana knew that White was correct. He nodded. “That about sums it up.”
Melody winced. The burning in her leg unleashed a hot barb that sent her hands reaching for the injury. Tears stung her eyes, but there was an ember of fierce determination slowly being stoked behind the misty veil. “Well then what do we do? I don’t want to die here.”
“Hang on a second,” Santana said. There was a faint roar of water coming from the trail leading towards the island’s jungle heart. He was suddenly aware of the rough, scratching sensation in the back of his throat. He knew that if they were to survive long enough to escape they would need fresh water sooner than later. “We need water. We’re gonna head deeper inland, maybe find somewhere to hold up until we can figure out our next play.”
The trail wound away from the smoking wreckage and gentle lap of the ocean tide. Santana took point, head on a swivel, weapon snapping to any rustle or snapping of foliage that sounded larger than a small animal. Melody hobbled close behind, slowing every now and then to check her saturated bandage. White trailed a short distance at the rear, shirking from shadows that the cool breeze scattered over the path.
Walls of steam-soaked plant life enclosed the path, threatening to collapse on it like an emerald avalanche. The non-stop flitter of birdsong and chattering animals was overpowered by the constant buzz of unseen insects. Santana tugged a couple of shirt buttons open. He hadn’t sweltered like this since his last trip to the sandbox.
“I don’t know how much longer I can go,” Melody panted between breaths.
Santana caught a quick glimpse of her leg. The bandage was saturated with blood and a trickle of thick pus oozed down her calf. She fell, catching herself against a tree trunk. He threw her arm over his shoulder and helped her back upright. “Look,” he said, pointing, “there’s water just ahead. We’ll get you cleaned up best we can and take a rest.”
The waterfall’s cascading flow glistened in the moonlight like a million diamonds washing away from the cliff above. It crashed into an oval-shaped lagoon painted a similar glistening coat of sapphire. Together, Santana and Melody worked their way down the hill towards the promise of freshwater. White ran past them without a second glance, falling to his knees at the lagoon’s bank. His hands were a blur as he frantically scooped water onto his face and into his mouth.
Santana eased Melody down to the golden sand and turned back to the jungle, scanning it before setting to work on the woman’s dressing. “It was stupid to run down here like that. There could have been more of them waiting.”
White flipped a final handful of water onto his head and massaged the back of his neck with the cool fluid. “Chance I was willing to take, boss. What else could go wrong?”
“You have no idea,” Santana replied, taking a drink of his own. His eyes followed the edge of the lagoon’s perimeter. Halfway around it appeared to vanish into the rocky cliff face. Santana tore his remaining sleeve free. He gave Melody a warning not to look and then quickly peeled off the old bandage. A moment and a pair of tears later, Melody’s leg, swollen and purple, was clean and ready.
A deep sound like a rhino’s bellow shook the trees behind the survivors. Their heads twisted in unison.
“The hell was that?” White asked, quickly springing to his feet, ready to bolt.
Santana’s Glock stared down the sudden, deafening intrusion as the pilot dragged Melody once more to her feet. Puffy bags had appeared under eyes, stretching her makeup into distorted shapes that streamed down her face. “Christ if I know. But we’re moving. And we’re moving now. Go!”
Fifty yards to their rear, the lush tropical vegetation feverishly rustled. A group of muscular figures clad in animal skins, carrying primitive bows emerged from the trees. Crude brands and ugly scars marred the skin of their faces and chests. Their eyes were hollow sockets of leathery skin. Melody screamed and hobbled faster, dragging her wounded leg with Santana’s assistance.
A hulking figure emerged from the growing horde. He was dressed in similar filthy pelts and scars. A necklace of sharp fangs dangled from his tree trunk neck. His left arm ended at a mottled stump below the elbow. A three-foot long length of shark jaw had been driven through the bruised flesh. Serrated teeth clung to the jaw fragment, eager to feed.
White stumbled a few steps. He leveled a shaky finger at the nightmarish figure and the horde massing at his back. “I’ll say it again. What the hell is that?”
“Don’t know, don’t care. And unless you wanna ask him why he’s missing half a limb I suggest you move,” Santana called back over his shoulder.
Santana trotted as quickly as he could, Melody’s arm draped over his neck, finger resting on the Glock’s trigger guard. The picturesque lagoon disappeared into the rocky cliff face, the moon casting a long throw of shadows over the sparkling water. A smooth path dared the survivors to enter at the edge of the golden sands.
“You can’t be serious. We’re really going in there?” Melody asked, looking ahead at the gloomy darkness.
A chorus of war cries reverberated in the night air, boring its way into Santana’s skull. He winced at the chilling sound. “I know you’re scared. But it’s either the cave,” Santana said before nodding back at the pursuing horde, “or them.”
“To hell with Fatty, here. I’m heading in,” White said as he pushed his way by.
Santana’s fist tightened around the pistol’s grip. Melody eased him off with a nervous smile. “Don’t worry. I’m used to it. Price you pay for being a chocoholic.” The bloodcurdling sound of the mob closed. Melody’s chin bobbed in the affirmative. “Cave. Now.”
The path leading into the cave looked like the maw of a lamprey: circular and with rocky crags for fangs that looked as though they’d be happy to clamp shut the moment prey drew close enough. It was dark beyond the entrance but the straining moonlight revealed a narrow passageway winding off into the shadows.
White disappeared inside first, anxious to put as much space between himself and the creatures hunting them. Santana and Melody followed, limping along as best they could manage. A moment later White’s voice echoed from around the bend.
“You guys are definitely going to want to see this.”
As they rounded the final bend, they found White staring slack-jawed at the far side of the voluminous cavern that was easily the size of a football stadium. A collective gasp escaped their lips. But it wasn’t the size of the enormous space that stole their breath.
“Jesus Christ,” Santana whispered, awestruck.
Towering above the embankment on the far side of the lagoon was a stepped pyramid that nearly touched the cavern’s ceiling. Several slanted spears of silvery light gleamed on the pyramid’s glossy obsidian facade. A long rope bridge stretched from the survivors’ promontory, reaching all the way to the steep stairs climbing to the pyramid’s entrance.
Santana recovered from the bewilderment first. “Come on. We have to keep moving.”
“Where?” White replied. “Do you honestly want to cross this rickety ass bridge and investigate the temple of doom over there? Are you insane?”
Santana shifted his weight, but did not let Melody down to the ground. He had no intention of waiting around for committee votes to be tallied. Inaction is what gets Marines killed. He knew it better than most. He had seen it happen before all too many times.
Move to live, Marine!
“Look, you can stay here and meet the locals if you want. But we’re moving. We’re gonna reach the temple, lock down what we can, and hopefully live long enough to regret asking you to come with us.”
The sounds of the hunters grew louder. It would be only moments before they surged around the bend. Santana tested the first plank of the bridge with his foot. The board groaned but held fast. He nodded to White. “You go first. I’ll send Melody next and cover the rear.”
White opened his mouth to protest his role as guinea pig but the steely glare in Santana’s eye convinced him otherwise. “You’re the boss, boss.” The pale-skinned man took a handful of the rope rail and took his first tentative steps onto the bridge. He flashed a gap-filled grin. “See you on the other side.”
Santana covered the cavern’s entrance while White made his way across. He was just about to guide Melody onto the bridge when long shadow wrapped around the corner of the passage. The Glock roared and a shower of bright sparks burst from the passage wall freezing shadow in place. Murmurs of a hushed language Santana didn’t understand seeped around the bend. He turned back to Melody whose knuckles had blanched from squeezing the bridge’s rope handrail.
“That won’t hold them forever. You gotta go. Now!”
Melody inched her way across the first two planks. Santana dropped to a crouch, taking aim at the lone entrance. Beads of frigid sweat trickled down the back of his shaved scalp. He reigned in his focus and began a tentative retreat to the bridge.
White reached the opposite side, collapsing to the ground as though he’d just run a marathon. He rolled to his knees and wildly swung his arms. “Hurry! The bridge isn’t as solid on this side.”
“Oh God,” Melody squealed, strangled the rope, her progress grinding to a halt.
The support cables of the bridge swayed. Santana’s hand flew on its own to the guide rope. Stabilized, he shouted for Melody to move. Instead she screamed.
Mako breached the entryway flanked by his band of hunters. Silence smothered the cavern. And then came the wretched groan of bows being drawn. Santana fired into the killbox framed by the narrow passage. Blood exploded from the chests of two hunters. One fell to the ground; the other slumped and fell from the promontory. The body splashed into the lagoon below, shattering its serene surface.
The body floated face down in a cloud of crimson. A moment later dozens of tooth-filled jaws tugged at the hair and flesh of the fallen man. Santana’s stomach lurched as the piranha ripped the hunter’s arm free to the sound of tearing meat. The captain recovered quickly. He had seen more than his fill of dismemberment and had learned long ago how to bury the ugliness of the world. Santana backed his way further down the bridge, firing a shot every few paces to ward off the hunters’ arrows. They seemed happy to remain safely away from the bridge. All but Mako.
Mako’s jaw stretched unnaturally as though it had come undone at the hinges. The gaping maw revealed row after row of serrated teeth that matched the fearsome weapon impaling his arm. He threw his head back and thrust his chest out, unleashing a roar that chilled the very air.
“Hey, I’m no expert, but I’m thinking maybe your next seven or eight shots should probably hit the asshole with the fucked up arm,” White shouted.
Santana leveled his sidearm in agreement. “Grab Melody and head for the temple or whatever the hell that is.”
White found the courage to venture five steps out onto the bridge to meet the limping woman. As she reached for his hand a crunching exploded into a snap. Melody’s uninjured leg drove through a rotten plank. She flailed for White’s hand, but he had already retreated to solid ground. She plunged through the jagged splinters of broken planks just managing to grab a fistfull of the bridge’s lower rope. Shrieking, she dangled above the piranha filled lagoon.
Santana quickly panned to the endangered woman. “Melody! Hang on.”
Mako’s demonic maw shortened to tooth-filled grin that stretched ear to ear. He dashed over the promontory, rushing for the bridge and the promise of prey. Santana darted across the rattling planks as though it were a perfectly level piece of race track. A step from Melody, he spun on a heel, took aim and fired. The bullets stung Mako’s chest and shoulders like a swarm of angry yellow jackets. The giant staggered to a halt, shielding his face with his arm’s lethal prosthesis. Santana clamped down on Melody’s wrist and began pulling the woman up. White re-appeared at the bridge’s end. Holding a long survival knife.
“Sorry, boss. Can’t take any chances.” White set to work, sawing at the bridge’s anchoring ropes.
Santana’s eyes widened to saucers. “No! What the hell are you doing?”
White ignored Santana’s desperate plea and let the serrated blade work itself through the rope. The first line snapped, causing the bridge to lurch wildly as it dropped. Santana fell through the planks, grabbing a length of rope with one hand, clamping down on Melody’s wrist with the other. The Glock tumbled from his hand, seemed to freeze in mid-air for an agonizing second, then disappeared into the crystal-blue waters. Arrows sailed over the bridge, shooting for the opposite promontory. White shrieked in pain. He cursed at the hunters before his footsteps faded into the distance.
Melody’s lips quivered as she dangled twenty feet above the dark waters. “Please.”
Every muscle in Santana’s body twitched. Veins popped in his temples and neck. The rope tore into the skin of his fingers. His jaw clenched and he pulled at Melody’s wrist with everything he had. Her soft skin slid through his vice-like grip until he held her by little more than a handshake. Santana’s face burned a hot red. “I’m sorry…”
Melody’s scream rattled the massive cavern, rousing bats from slumber amongst the stalactites, and drawing a round of guttural cheers from the hunters. Mako roared his approval and pumped the serrated teeth of his handless arm into the air.
She splashed into the lagoon with Santana’s eyes locked onto the doomed woman the whole way down. A moment later bits and pieces of rent flesh and fabric floated to the surface amidst a plume of red.
Santana sealed his eyes shut. The rope cut deep into his hand and for a moment he considered letting go. He had lost so much when the plane crashed; lost even more in the sandbox. He had watched men die before, had seen the child-like look of innocent terror of not knowing what would follow the dimming light. But Melody was different. Melody hadn’t signed on the dotted line. She hadn’t boarded a transport plane into some third world shit hole that time had forgotten. She was just a kid flying home.
Something sparked in the back of Santana’s head:  A tiny voice demanding justice. It clawed its ways through his mind until only a singular, laser-focused thought remained.
White must die…
Santana ignored the plinking of arrows deflecting on the promontory and slung his free hand up to the rope. He pulled himself onto the tattered bridge and maneuvered over the final swaying planks. Behind him, Mako held his position at the bridge’s halfway point. Blood seeped from his bullet wounds.
“I’ll be back for you later,” Santana said as he trotted off, following White’s footsteps, “but first I have to deal with a more pressing pile of shit.”
The climb up the obsidian pyramid’s front stairs set Santana’s legs and lungs on fire. They terminated two stories beneath its the peak, leaving him facing the blackened maw of a twelve-foot entrance. The crackling of fire snapped from within.
Santana slowly let the darkness swallow him. Leading with his hand sliding along the smooth, glass-like wall he slowly advanced, using the snap and pop of the fire as a guide. He rounded a bend and was greeted by the faint light of a lone torch flickering on the wall. He pulled it free of its brazier when it hit him: why would White have left a trail?
The torch swooshed as Santana swung it ahead into the dark. Dancing shadows on the walls revealed the tight corridor advanced in a subtle circular fashion while the telltale burn in his calves indicated a gentle incline. Rodents squeaked and scurried somewhere in the blanket of blackness. Scenes from old mummy movies ran through Santana’s head. “Better not be any snakes.” He looked up at the sky that wasn’t there. “At least give me that.”
The passage finally emptied into a dome-shaped room one-hundred feet across. A ring of burning braziers circled the chamber, bathing the walls in a fluid, amber glow. Santana’s eyes fell immediately on the room’s centerpiece. Four columns of strange greenish stone stood watch, towering nearly two stories over the floor. Angular symbols that looked as though they’d been crudely carved with nothing sharper than primitive tools of rock decorated the tall stoneworks. Reflecting pools of still water rested beneath each column.
Santana approached, eyebrows raised at the amazing sculpture before him. The hair on the back of his hand stood on end as he reached for the nearest column. A shriek echoed along the fire-dressed walls. White bolted into the chamber from a darkened entrance at the opposite end, screaming as though he’d looked into the Abyss itself. Santana raised his fists and dropped into his stance, focusing his breath. “Come on, you fucker,” he muttered.
The screaming man blew right by Santana without even acknowledging he was there. He barrelled into the wall face-first by the chamber’s main entrance. White’s nose gave a sickening crunch and the pale-skinned man tottered and collapsed. Blood bubbled from his ruined face, pooling behind his head.
Santana hesitated, then approached. White’s alabaster fingers were wrapped tightly around the survival knife’s handle. Santana stepped on his wrist, securing the limb to the ground. He pressed his fingers into the side of White’s throat. Dead. Santana tilted White’s broken face to the side. “What the hell happened to you?”
Scarlet track marks lanced White’s features from the top of his skull, over the swastika tattoo at his neck and over his heart. The Marine reached to touch one. An abscess welled up beneath a large inflamed line and raced from White’s cheek down into his neck like something crawling just beneath his skin had been startled.
“What the–” Santana said.
A second abscess erupted in the middle of White’s forehead. Santana glanced at the door, then White’s weapon. He pried at White’s fingers but the stubby digits may as well have been set in concrete. “Come on, goddammit.”
Several more roving abscesses raced from White’s skull and disappeared into the side of his neck. Santana stood hastily from the writing mess and drove the heavy heel of his shoe into White’s wrist. On the third stomp, bone snapped and White’s ghostly fingers snapped open. Santana snatched up the knife and then retreated to his dropped torch. White’s body twitched. Santana’s eyes all but burst as White pushed his way back to his feet. Abscesses at his face and arms ruptured to the grotesque sound of sucking mud, spilling an oily green mucus onto the ground.
“Nope. Nope. Not happening,” Santana said. He scooped up the torch and held it towards White’s shambling corpse as though it were a sword. White advanced, feet shuffling, moaning. His neck rippled as though something were trying to claw its way free. There was a tearing sound–
“To hell with this.” Santana flung the torch at White’s bloated feet. The fire roared as it surged up White’s pants, greedily consuming his rotten torso in seconds. A high-pitched death wail came from the unseen terror dying within White’s throat. Charred skin peeled back over burning flesh until finally White collapsed in pile of burning rot.
“Impressive. Most people forget about the torch.”
Heart still pounding, Santana spun to the voice, knife at the ready. His jaw slackened when he located the source of the heavy French accent. “I saw you die.”
LaSalle smiled, flashing a mouth full of gleaming, oversized porcelain. He stroked the length of the arrow spearing his throat. “Oh this?” he said, casually pulling the arrow free. “Not to worry. I’ve had worse..”
The sandy floor crunched as Santana subtly shifted to a more defensive stance. “Last time? What are you talking about, last time? This temple, this whole damn island isn’t even supposed to exist.”
LaSalle’s laugh echoed through the chamber. The well-dressed man adjusted his tie, cinching it tightly in place. “And yet here we both are.” His voice dropped to a mock whisper as he regarded the stone columns. He shielded his mouth with the back of his hand. “I’ll let you in on a little secret… they’ve been bringing people here for years.”
“Who?” Santana replied. His hand instinctively reached to the back of his waist where the Glock should have been.
“You know, I’ve never actually met one of them in person. One of the Others, that is. They come in my dreams. They let me know when they hunger. They tell me which plane to get on and before I know– boom! Here I am again.”
Sweat trickled down Santana’s temple. “Those eyeless fuckers outside? The ugly bastard with the mutilated arm? How the Hell could they bring a plane down?”
Again LaSalle laughed. “No, no, no. Of course not. They’re just the sorry shits who lived here when the Others first arrived.” LaSalle closed his eyes and tilted his head back as though he were basking in the glow of a tropical sun. “They can do things you couldn’t dream of.”
“Like crash planes full of innocent people? And then you do what? Make sure any survivors find their way here? That seems like a really stupid method to secure dinner. What if no one survived the crash?”
“Christ be merciful, they were right. Humans are dense. They know who will survive. The Others aren’t after meat. Hell, they’re not even after our blood despite the centuries of urban legends about bloodthirsty monsters creeping in the shadows,” LaSalle replied, wiggling his fingers as though he were telling a ghost story.
“What then? Can’t be our brain power according to you.” Santana’s hand balled into a fist around the survival knife as the Marine advanced. “What else is there?”
LaSalle snapped his fingers and pointed excitedly at Santana. “Ah, there it is. The Others thrive on consuming the urge for conflict in other beings. That part of the soul that consumes the warrior’s heart when battle is near. The Others drink it up like fine wine. It’s powerful stuff, believe me I know. It’s extended my own lifetime decades beyond what it should have been. It stretches theirs into immortality. They can sense that spirit in certain humans. They use me as an anchor that they may draw them in.” The dark-skinned man paused a moment before continuing. “But there is a price to be paid.”
“A price of what?” Santana asked, barely controlling the rising fury in his voice.
“Why blood for life of course.” LaSalle said, smirking.
Santana assumed a fighting stance. “I’ll see that I get plenty of yours then. Melody’s blood, the blood of the whole flight and God knows how many others, is on your hands. And I’m going to make sure you understand that as you die, you son of a bitch.”
“Ah, my dear Captain Santana, I won’t be doing any fighting today.” LaSalle nodded to an entry way at the chamber’s far side. Mako emerged from the shadowed entrance, striding forward, chest puffed out. Thick, dark blood dripped from the teeth protruding from the length of shark jaw spearing his arm. The bullet wounds at his chest had healed and shrunken to minor scars.
“Sure. Why not? I figured something like this would happen,” Santana said, shrugging his shoulders loose.
LaSalle stepped aside, freeing the floor for the combatants. “The rules are simple, captain. You both fight. One of you dies. The other lives if he survives his injuries. But I want to be clear on a single, most important point: The Others are watching. If they feel as though you’ve not fought to your fullest, they will simply force you to repeat the ordeal.” LaSalle looked down his thin nose for emphasis. “From the plane crash onward.”
Santana considered the entrance to his rear but something told him there was little point in retreating. Nothing about this strange island made any sense. It was as if he were living a nightmare for someone’s viewing pleasure. In that moment, Santana decided to give them their money’s worth.
Mako moved to the center of the space framed by the quartet of runic columns. In the brazier light, blood from the shark’s jaw molded through his arm spattered onto the floor. His lips curled into something resembling a ghoulish smile.
The sight of the demon chilled Santana’s blood. A shiver climbed his spine as though Lady Death herself had softly blown on his skin. He gave up an easy sixty pounds and at least two feet of reach. To win meant getting in close. And striking with brutal efficiency. He would let the beast come to him and then carve out his heart.
Mako circled left, then, with a burst of speed alien to most beings his size, slashed his arm at Santana’s throat. The Marine was well-prepared. Santana ducked the blow and thrust the knife at what should have been a soft spot between Mako’s ribs. The knife deflected harmlessly, nearly throwing Santana off balance. Mako hardly seemed to notice the scratch.
“What the Hell are you?” Santana shouted at Mako. LaSalle’s disembodied voice answered.
“He is the instrument of the Others’ will. Nothing more. Persevere, my good captain, and I assure you you will emerge victorious.”
Santana barely heard LaSalle’s cryptic reply. Instead he changed tactics. He rushed Mako, feinted another slash at his belly, and then sliced at the demon’s eyes. The blade bit into the soft flesh. His roar echoed through the chamber and the knife came away sheathed in blood.
“So you do bleed. Good to know,” Santana said, smiling. He advanced again, dodging a furious backhand and then a savage overhead slash, before cutting into the thick muscles and tendons behind Mako’s left knee. The demon staggered to one knee with a howl. Santana moved in for the kill, but Mako’s deadly arm sliced across the Marine’s abdomen. Santana cried out and teetered backwards. He pressed his free hand to the stinging gash stretching across his stomach as the demon fell.
Santana held his bloodied hand in front of his face. It blurred around the edges, then seemed to separate into three images. An invisible hand squeezed his throat. It took a moment to cut through the panic, but eventually he understood. Poison. The knife clattered on the floor as he clutched at his constricting windpipe.
The room spun and Santana’s legs felt like rubber. The braziers’ light muddied into rings of filthy yellow that raced through his vision like warped halos. He pressed his fists into his eyes.
A man’s voice, heavy with sorrow, whispered. “You left me there. How could you just leave me?”
Santana stumbled, nearly toppling into one of the reflecting pools at the base of a column. “No. It can’t… You can’t… be here. You’re dead.”
When Santana finally pulled his hands away, stinging tears burned his eyes. But he saw him clear as day. Lawson stood not more than five feet away. Still burning. The spectre’s skin was a grotesque mixture of mottled and singed. Its voice deepened into the accusatory as a furious finger was raised. “You sorry piece of shit. You said you would always have my back.”
“This isn’t real,” Santana muttered. Lawson’s once strong features were gone, melted away by the blast of the anti-aircraft missile that tore his UH-1Y Venom from the sky. Lawson had been the only crew member not able to rescued from the wreckage before the auxiliary tank had ruptured.
“You left me in the fire! You left me to burn!”
A chorus of moans rose into a hellish symphony of screams. The acrid scent of the helicopter’s burning bones poured a bitter taste into Santana’s mouth. He jammed his hands over his ears like a child who refused to hear his parents. He shouted at the top of his lungs. “You’re not real!”
The chamber went suddenly still. The ghost of Santana’s deceased crew member and the collage of horrible details of that fateful memory had vanished. Santana’s heart pounded and his lungs ached for breath. Mako’s heavy breathing hissed at Santana’s back, his shadow falling on the Marine like a storm cloud. Santana spun on a heel and drove the survival knife deep into the soft flesh beneath the creature’s jaw, burying it to the hilt. Mako gurgled oily blood through the corners of his sealed mouth, teetered as he clutched at the blade and fell face first into a reflecting pool. His lifeblood stained the pool, clouding the fire-lighted water.
A flash of emerald surged at the center of the four columns, then arced into the quartet like lightning. Applause came from nowhere. “Nicely done, Captain. It has been years, decades probably, since a Mako was felled. You have earned the appreciation and gratitude of the Others. You may rest assured that they will be slumbering easy for some time and that your services will not be required again in the immediate future.”
Santana spun in the chamber, panning for LaSalle. “What do you mean immediate future? You said if I survived than I was free.”
LaSalle’s haunting laugh echoed through the chamber. “My dear, dear captain. I said that if you survived than you would live. We made no such deal regarding your freedom.”
Nausea welled in the pit of Santana’s stomach. He squeezed his hands into fists, ready and willing to pound LaSalle’s skull into sand. “Why don’t you come out so we can make a new deal.”
“Ah, but I’ve already told you captain. I won’t be doing any fighting today,” LaSalle replied.
Pain flared through Santana’s left arm, starting at the fingertips and scorching its way through his elbow. He screamed in agony as inch by inch the layers of skin and meat and bone crumbled to ash and fell away. He fell to his knees, cradling the grievous wound, only vaguely aware of the sound of footsteps behind him.
Several of the hunters entered the chamber and pulled Mako reverently from the reflecting pool. They rolled the creature onto his back and quickly set about preparing the body for the ritual burial. Santana turned and watched in horror as one of the hunters ran a crude stone knife through Mako’s mutilated arm, freeing the shark’s jaw. The eyeless man held the severed limb over his head like a prized trophy. He regarded Santana with a nod.
Realization crushed the breath from Santana’s lungs as the hunters circled him. A pair of muscular brutes held him down while the man with the jawbone impaled the flesh of Santana’s stump with his replacement arm. The Marine struggled against his captors, hurling curses and screaming in anger and pain as the weaponized limb was attached.
A tiny spark of euphoria took hold. Santana thought at first he was going into shock. He fought to block out the searing pain in his arm and keep track of his mind. His name. His home. His final flight. Minutes later the details suddenly seemed less important and he felt the memories floating away. He had a new mission now.
Santana didn’t even flinch as the hunter took the stone knife to his eyes.
Credit: Ghost of Seven Echoes
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

As you learn things, you notice things
 As you notice things, you learn things
 As you learn more, more becomes real to you
 And as more becomes real to you, the more you notice.
As I write this I sit at my desk trembling, this all started with that stupid game!
Play it he said, it will be fun, he said.
My best friend told me to play this well known horror game called Slender, and I figured- Hey, why not, sounds fun- and it was. I played it quite a few times that night. And that got me onto playing another horror game called Amnesia. I could hardly play that, because I’ve always had the worst nerves.
Then, my girlfriend showed me creepypasta, making fun of my nerves. And that’s when it started going downhill.
I read it, for some reason compelled to. I could only read it at night, past midnight. And after I found it, it showed up everywhere.
I figured it was the normal thing to do, right?
It probably was.
And unless I’m completely different, I was scared shitless about everything.
I still am.
But that’s only because I started noticing them.
I look out my window and see them.
Swarming around my apartment.
The ones I read, and watched.
I don’t know if its in my head, or real. As I write this I can hear the banging on the steps leading to the front door of my apartment. The statue in my bedroom window is staring at me, and I’ve already smashed my VCR and painted over my mirrors. I hide in my covers every night with the light turned on, willing myself to keep my eyes open and sleep with them that way. It never works, but I still find myself alive and well the next morning. But at night I hear them, I see them. I can feel their presence.
When you know them, you notice them.
I shouldn’t even be writing this –  if it’s not my imagination then I could be putting you in serious danger. Because it wasn’t until I started thinking it could be real that I noticed them. And HE leads them, the image from nightmares long past, and deeply forgotten. His very form takes on what he knows will scare me the worst at any given moment. As I type I can feel him reading over my shoulder, grinning at my rising fear. But not acting, oh no, never acting on my fear. He feeds on it, and he knows it will never leave me. Because when the fear leaves me, that’s when he will devour me. And that is what keeps my fear in me.
He makes me keep writing, holding my chair in place whenever I try and leave, not letting he close the document.
He wants me to tell you. He wants me to let you think it’s real.
As you learn about them, you notice them
As you notice them, you learn about them
As you learn more about them, they become real
as they become real, they notice you
as they notice you, he leads them to you
as he leads them to you, you can only stare
as you stare, he smiles at you
as he smiles at you, its too late.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Try this. Turn off the music. Turn off the TV. If you have to, turn off the computer. Then go to another room, and sit. In total silence. Do you hear that? That ringing? People say it is your brain making up a sound to explain the silence.
People lied.
I cant tell you what is making that sound, but whatever it is, you don’t want to meet it. It is trying to break through. Force its way onto our plane of existence.
Now try this. Repeat the first steps. Turn everything off. This time, turn the lights off too. Still hear that ringing? Better hope you do. If you don’t, its because they have finally managed to break through.
And no amount of running will save you.
—
Credited to  TheCoffinDancer.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

In Central Australia, there is an unremarkable service station along a straight and barren stretch of road. If you walk straight in and ask for the key, you will be given an unremarkable key attached to an unremarkable piece of wood. The key will unlock a door at the service station, leading to an impossibly long stepped corridor, dimly lit from an unseen source. If you follow these stairs, you will begin to hear hungry cries of birds of prey that grow louder as you descend. After an amount of time, the light will vanish, leaving you in the dark, and a rasping voice will ask for your desires. For each desire, you will experience all the sensations, unforgettable, branded into your memory, of bodily mutilation, of being torn asunder by impossible strength, of having an arm slowly flayed, each nerve individually pulled from your flesh. You may speak as many desires as your sanity can take. Then you must turn and return up the steps and never look back. Return the key and go about your life. Your desires will be granted, but you will always have to live with the memories given to you in that dark place.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

At my young tender age, painting was the only psychoanalysis I ever needed to retreat to, or how common people call it therapy. Every hour in the morning until the sun rises, my brush strokes back and forth. It tells a part of a story I wish to tell, but I am only full of fear. The brush strains itself dry with repressed fear as its ink.
What did I paint this time in the morning?
 
A bird.

My first night under the new full moon in the summer was an everyday moment. The repeating cycle forced upon the cold shadows of what used to be formal civilization. I tried to close my eyes, entering into a tranquil state, relieving myself from the pain of familiar faces.
Entering the other side of my mind, the visions and experiences to which my emotions created.
A dream. One night I entered.
One night I took in the unexpected.
One night I envisioned a corrupt identity.
Visions blurred around, but at once I reasoned to the fact I was falling into deep space. My eyes closed shut, to let the feeling sink in. Unsteadiness arose when my bare feet felt cool slabs of brick.
This is quite strange, I thought.
I’m outside.
There I was on my hands and feet, rising up to wave around, feeling any possible walls in this pitch-dark environment. Only two walls reached my grasp, side by side. If there was a passage, there was a way out. I took a light step forward with one hand on the wall. Light was up ahead, and my hand lost touch at the end. Something rushed by inches from my face. My eyes deceived me, for that was not a train, creature, or being, it was a coach.
A coach? Have I gone mad?
The rush of wind trailing behind caught my legs, forcing them back down on the pavement. Whatever this place was, nothing of modern living was shown. Old street lamps in black lighted each corner. All of the buildings were in a crimson color; to where I stood was an abandoned alley.
My Lungs dropped abruptly, choking and wheezing for a gasp of air. Grey paste retched out of my system, relieving the pain my lungs had.
“Oh! The indecency!” said a woman above me. The paste stained her dress and petticoat. She scrunched her little nose, tossing her head the other way. People treaded across the grey puddle, all mimicking the woman’s disgusted face.
Retreating to the alley was the only choice now. There was a stinging pain across my head and heavy shoulders dragged me down. Rest was inevitable now.
 
Very little time had passed in my struggle to rest. The night grew darker with nobody around. I had very shallow strength to walk, but it was not time to worry about.
The well-kept perfection of nothing out of place chilled my knees. There stood lit lamps, cool breeze, no quarrelsome ruffians or pestering chats. Everything kept in place.
I stood up at the sound of a slow clacking noise down the pavement. On a corner across the alley, stood a lamp where a shadow grew closer.
 
It was a woman.

The woman clicked in her heels quickly, clutching both arms in the cold. She lifted her head up to catch a glimpse of the night sky. Such an illuminating beauty she was. However her eyes encountered a different story. They sunk in deeply, losing color in the iris of what should have been hazel. The woman lowered her head on the lamppost, exhibiting weary highlights of indigo and violet in her hair. Outbursts of sobbing were all she did.
“Get the damn girl…Wait! There is no…either that filth…. YOU HEAR ME? DEAD!”
Unknown thoughts stung me various times, burrowing its messages in my head like swarming wasps. I kept bashing at my forehead, believing this was a demented illusion. Every vein retracted inside. Something was pulling strings, since I could not even twitch. The strain held back blood from my beating heart. It would skip for seconds until it ceased to beat at all. Death nearly took me away, but the hidden force released me and I collapsed.
Faint laughter was heard from the entity.
“…Lucky…sense…here…he…here…. He’s here. Fufufu-hahaha………such…queer…you…are…”
At the corner, the woman ceased to stop wailing. What stopped her wails was the sound of another’s footsteps. She flinched at its shadow coming near the lamppost.
The lamppost shined on a tall man in a dark cloak with his fingers in white and sharpened at the tip.
His face is what shook me.
Only a white bird mask covered his face. There was little skin on his right cheek, and red meat dangled on the side. The woman looked at the damage with sad eyes. I listened deeply to the woman’s voice of anguish, hearing not a hint of what I could understand. The man spoke softly to calm her down. She stomped a heel, yelling at him in frustration. He took a hard slap from the woman and yelled in agony of the dangling meat ripping away. His white hand seized her arm. She whimpered at his impatience, hearing the dark tone in his threat. But the man could not bear seeing her forlorn.
He openly embraced the woman, soothing her fear with words.
“You…ignore…happiness. Have…”
The entity returned.
I had enough of the message it tried to send.
“This cannot change on what I believe in. Possessive thoughts are for the driven.” I told the invisible being.
What was I saying…?
“Fools? You. Better…even the girl…DAMN LIFE-“
“SHUT UP!” I covered my ears, no to believe the insanity in me.
“Would…you…to be happy?”
“Happy?”
“Yes…only…to…rid…pain…slaughter…his…cherishment.”
There was a moment I had, looking at my right hand.
EVERYTHING HAS AN END.
 
The wretched bastard fooled me by being apologetic. Every day she visited less and less, until a note was written to me on how she was happy in Lock Haven, with him as her betrothed. Bitter days raised and desolate nights set. That was an end to our friendship. And my madness as an animal opened.
“End…it.” The entity murmured.
I tightened my right hand into its very grasp with crimson trickling down.
There was a blade in my hand.
Not a damn would be given over the pain; I slit the rest of my palm and held the handle in my left hand. The woman had been given the man’s cloak for warm comfort. They walked separated paths after dealing with conflict. I paced forward in her direction. She seemed detached of worries over any possible danger in the night.
 
I pounced upon the woman’s petite figure, stuffing my fingers in her mouth to block any uttering shriek.
My blade punctured her face numerous times. The absolute rush of releasing my demented rage was everything to me!
Pride. Wrath. Melancholy. Emotions representing harsh cloaked feelings.
Sympathy. Joy. Care. Emotions those are full of untouched beauty.
All the colors splattered around and mixed their contents to make sheer and brilliant crimson! Everywhere! EVERYTHING!
But everything has an end.
The man had dashed to her muffling cries, kicking me right off the woman. He pulled out a sword to finish me, but it turned to ashes. The man and woman disappeared.
And so did the world.
 
Dark dust rose with fog surrounding me. The dust formed a cloak; under its shadow was a hideous face with deep holes scowling in disgust.

Its neck creaked each inch, raising the head toward me. The being slurred:
“Envy has. …Become… Your master….”
The face outstretched itself, growing long teeth and a slick tongue. It charged right at me.

“NO!”
My lungs peaked at its height in an attempt to breathe. I was alone in bed, looking at the alarm clock.
5:09.
The sun has not risen yet.
My right hand seemed empty, no cuts, and no blade. Not even a dark thought that stung my head. I let out a deep sigh of solace. There was no need to go back to sleep. I had a conjecture over her happy ending. It was her fault for choosing that man. My only loss of regret was not choosing to see her again. Without a helping hand, she could have been lost. Seeing them both happy was enough to make me repulsed.
 
The thought made me chuckle a little.
“Five more minutes of sleep would do…”
 
Misery had always been The Artist’s great friend. Even in the lowest of times, I can’t help but reflect back on those dark times in my paintings.
Look, I even painted the moon, with one side dark and one side light.

 
 
Credit To – Atzin
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

He awoke to the silence of the earth. Wisps of broken grass touched his cheek as the wind carried them away to an unknown destination. The sky was black, while no truly living thing stirred. John did not know how long he had been unconscious, but the blanket of stars above left him in no doubt that it had been for at least several hours. The sickness remained, though not as potent, but the wound in his side still wept blood. Rising to his feet it became clear that his body was still under the effects of whatever was on that hill. In the intoxication of it, the world still possessed a fluid, watery form, but on closing his eyes for a moment he felt that he had somehow become accustomed to it, at least to the point where he could gain his bearing and find a route to escape.
Luck was on his side as the moon was present above, albeit only as a partial, waning crescent. This provided him with enough illumination to gauge the strange world and its shapes which surrounded him. He was unsure if he remained where he had fallen as the ancient standing stones, which he remembered vividly and with no little sense of dread, were nowhere to be seen. But as he stood there with his hand vainly attempting to stem the blood from his side, a frightening realisation crept towards him. John found it difficult to convey to me in simple words what that was, but he described it as ‘the rules of nature upturned’. Nothing seemed to make sense, for a moment he did not know who he was, why he was there, and what abominable source was causing such illness in him. He seemed to retain the knowledge of the hill and a memory of the church, but his thoughts were turbulent and disconnected. Fleeting moments of identity would quickly be surpassed and replaced by utter confusion. But regardless of the affliction, one constant remained; his instincts pleaded with him to leave that place immediately. But in this fragile state of mind, he could not tell which way would lead him down to the land below, and which route would send him upward, to whoever or whatever sat on the summit. The sensory intoxication was an experience unlike any other – the world unravelled.
A smell of sickness tinged the air. Whether it was his own vomit or the illness playing tricks, he did not know, but within that stench there was something else. A smell of dampness mixed with the unsettling scent of burnt hair. It became so strong that it began to sting John’s eyes, which only furthered his disorientation. Though his eyes were clouded by tears and the world seemed wrong, he now sensed what he could only describe as a presence. The musty smell increased in potency and as it did, John let out a cough. The response to the noise was distinct, and though he believed that it was impossible to know the mind of someone – something approached and it did so with malice and hatred as its companions.
Terror now turned to fleeting purpose as he quietly wandered passed shadowed trees and amongst the wild grass hoping to find his way out. Staggering as he fumbled his way through the darkness, the pain in his side grew and thoughts of dying out there on the hill, never to be found by his loved ones, became apparent. For a moment he thought that he would collapse once more, but while the sickness intensified, it was now accompanied by the sound of dead grass and wilted flora being thrust aside, as something trudged through the undergrowth nearby. John’s vision was now so poor that he could not tell which way was forward and which back, and in fleeting moments of clarity he felt repulsed by the idea of ending up back at the church or the stones, or graves – unsure of what they had been. He was utterly lost, and something which called that hideous hillside home now approached.
Be still.
But silence, nor darkness could shield him. No realm of oblivion could provide obscurity, for a wickedness as old as the earth now stalked a man who once laughed in the face of superstition and myth. The air grew denser and what little light the sliver of moon above provided, diminished as though it were being sucked deep into the ground with no escape. Then, nothing. The noise of branches and grass being broken and pushed aside ceased, and in its place a void of sound, almost unbearable. At the end of his nerves, John could feel any remaining vestige of hope or escape abandon him. It was close, its breath could be felt upon the air; foul, rancid, as of something which long ago lived and yet had not relinquished the desire to cause hurt and pain. Then movement. Dead leaves cracked under its weight, the long grass which had seemed so impenetrable, so dominant now torn and broken with each shuffling stride. The only thought in John’s mind now was to hide. Slowly, his breath stuttered and quietly gasping, he sank into the long grass, and there he lay; silent, terrified.
The presence was closer still, and in the darkness he thought that at times he could see the vague shape of a figure wandering just out of reach. It circled slowly, coming closer then retreating as if searching the ground meticulously. Then finally, the sound of its cumbersome footsteps grew distant, and then ceased. John breathed a sigh of relief.
Then a hand touched his face.
Survival now took him and with a yell of utter terror he rolled onto his side. Searing pain ran through his body, as his own weight and motion thrust an uneven piece of ground deep into his wound. A low grown escaped from whatever monstrosity stood before him and then, without knowing which way to proceed, John became motivated by a new impetus, jumping to his feet and bolting in a random direction, hoping beyond hope that it would lead out of that madness. That nightmare.
Trees and grass flew by in the pitch black of night. A thick miasma of sickness and burnt hair encircled everything, eliciting convulsive retching as he ran. At last he knew where he was, he had his bearing and it was one which he hoped he would never possess again. The church loomed tall and twisted before him. Something hurtled through the trees behind and in a moment it would be upon him. At least he knew which direction to go, running as he did to the side, towards the path which he had ascended earlier in the day, a worn track which would lead him to safety. But the land appeared unfamiliar and unnatural. The very shape and construction of his environment seemed to have bent to an unknown and malevolent mind. He had to continue on, to get away from what pursued him. The path must have been in that direction!
Then, finally he broke through a line of bushes and trees into a clearing. His heart sank to depths he did not know. There stood the church once more, but it appeared different somehow. By night the building seemed to possess a more sinister and bizarrely altered form from its daytime persona. For a moment John imagined its steeple to be not of rock, stone, or concrete, but of vine and earth and wood, spiralling towards a heaven which had long since spat it out at the world.
The rustle of trodden leaves approached once more as he stumbled and gasped for air. The pain from his wound was now almost unbearable, each step forward accompanied by an internal, blinding, tearing sensation. Forced to flee across the face of the church by his stalker, John moved as best he could, staggering and limping, weak and exhausted, entering a thick network of brambles and thorns. His clothes caught as the barbed appendages of the plants scratched at his face and arms. It was no use, he could not outrun what was coming. Looking over his shoulder, someone was clearly ripping through the branches only a few feet behind.
Fear coursed through John’s veins as his stalker now bore down on him. Letting out a cry of pain and anguish, the thing amongst the branches seemed to stop for a moment, observing him struggle, his hands cut and grazed by thorns. John pulled and grabbed at the thicket in front trying to escape, and then to chill his bones once, the figure behind stared, letting out a harrowing groan – somewhere between a laugh and a sigh of satisfaction. It began moving at great speed, breaking through the entangled cage of thorns and branches with ease, closing in quickly.
With a scream of pain and disbelief, John finally broke free of the thorns’ embrace, but despair haunted him. There the church stood once more, almost mocking, twisted and warped in ways that no human architect could conceive of. Staggering with little fight left, he moved passed the church once more as his assailant broke through the tree line, rushing towards him. John increased his pace as best he could, but by now he could muster little speed. The heavens now opened, and swathes of liquid poured over the church, flowing to the ground beneath which quickly became sodden and water-logged.
John’s strength diminished as he fell to his knees, admitting defeat as a hunted animal relents at the end. Then, salvation. From far away shone a light. One which beamed and broke through the almost impenetrable surrounding thickets. Something to hold on to. To hope. An anchor to follow, a light from outside that terrible hill. As the sound of his pursuer neared, scrambling across the grass in darkness, one last surge of energy awoke John from his terrible fate. The sight of light and life reignited what small vestige of hope remained. He screamed in agony as he lifted himself to his feet, the rain now lashing down upon him, drenched to the bone, pouring into the hole in his side. But it did not matter. All that mattered was that light, and the safety which it promised. Limping as quickly as he could in its direction, he thrust himself into the vines and branches of the entangled woodland, fear overriding any pain brought about as thorns scratched and cut at his skin.
Yet, he was making progress, and the light began to loom larger and larger; vibrant and sustaining. It was clear now that he was heading downhill and as the momentum of his trajectory caused stumble and fall after fall. It also increased his speed markedly. Flashes of memories not his own once again invaded his mind, thoughts of anger and hatred filled his vision; images of the church never empty yet absent of the living – as the priest reared his hands, so bowed the congregation’s heads.
Confusion was beginning to seep into him again, and the smell of burnt hair once more filled the world around. Though cumbersome, his stalker could be heard increasing pace, yet it seemed more agitated than it had before. Angered, perhaps even frustrated. John felt sick with panic, the blood now pouring from the wound in his side, unimpeded. Just as the light seemed closest; the promise of redemption, safety, and escape loomed near, he flew down a steep incline of grass, slipping in the wet mud and tumbled at speed to the ground. Pain, exhaustion, and hopelessness ruled supreme as his body, already battered and bruised, came to rest on top of a large fallen tree trunk.
The clambering footsteps drew near, and as they did so John thought to himself that he and that which he laid upon had both been victims of a cruel and hidden evil which called that hillside home.
‘Come on, son. Get up! Get up!’ a voice yelled in the darkness, almost drowned out by the now fervent breaking of ground and grass behind.
The world seemed warped, but as consciousness now prepared to wither once more from his mind, clarity returned and John realised where he was. His body was slumped not against a fallen tree, but against the wooden gate which marked the boundary of that terrible place.
Something was close. That thing which had been hounding him in the dark only a few feet away.
‘Move, it’s nearly upon you!’ cried the now familiar voice of Dale.
With one last movement, with the final piece of life left in him, John R—— opened the gate, falling face down into a puddle by the roadside.
III
I sat transfixed, the words flowing from John in stuttering fashion, yet with a conviction and reality which I found difficult to ignore, regardless of my scepticism. This man believed with every fibre of his being that what he had told me was the truth. Dale had apparently went after him, against the wishes of the other villagers, he had long ago lost a son and did not wish for anyone else to succumb to the apparent malevolence of the hillside. The landlord, being an old friend of the farmer’s, eventually gave in and both men travelled to the foot of the hill in the hopes that John would find their light in the darkness; follow it, and be the first to escape from there in living memory. No matter how much they wished to help though, they would not dare touch that gate, nor cross the hill’s threshold. John had to do that on his own, and he did so just as his pursuer leaned over him.
I remember letting out a sigh of relief as he finished the last of the wine in front of the fire. There was a moment of silence between us, and I realised that the entire bar was bathed in an anxious reticence. One which was almost tangible, as if those present wanted to speak, but dared not.
Finally I spoke, attempting to be as reassuring as possible: ‘That is an amazing story, John, but it is just a story. I’m sure there is a rational explanation for it all.’
He bowed his head gravely, staring at the floor.
‘If it’s just a story, then why can’t I leave?’ he said, looking up at me with an expression half caught in fear, half trapped in desperation.
‘What do you mean you can’t leave?’
‘I’ve been here for three months!’ he shouted. ‘I sometimes wish Dale had just left me there.’
‘John,’ I said, leaning over and resting my hand on his shoulder reassuringly,‘You can leave whenever you want.’
But I could see from his expression that he did not believe me. He had been consumed by whatever myths and superstitions the locals had fed him. I concluded that his psyche had been poisoned. Of course I felt that the land lord and others meant well, but I was sure that a conventional explanation would hopefully cure him of his afflicted mind.
‘I’m going to Glasgow tomorrow,’ I said cheerfully. ‘Why not join me? The bus will be here in the afternoon and we can travel back together. But… Of course, I’m forgetting, you have your car with you. Please don’t think I was fishing for a lift.’
I laughed, but John just stared at me grimly, then answered: ‘ My car is sitting out back, wrecked.’
‘Really? I hope it’s not too bad. What happened?’
‘It took me several days to recover after my experience on the hill,’ he said mournfully before continuing, ‘but when I felt up to it I packed my bags, thanked Dale and the landlord, then drove out of the village. A couple of miles into my journey the rain came down in sheets. Visibility was terrible, but I just wanted to leave. I lost control of the car and went straight into a tree. I was survived, but the car is a write-off.’
‘Well, accidents happen. As long as you were OK. How about another drink?’ I said standing up. As I did so, John grabbed my arm forcefully.
‘It was no accident. There was something else on that road. I saw him standing there. A man… I think. At least, it appeared like a man. I swerved to avoid him.’
‘And a good thing too. The last thing you would want around here would be to accidentally kill a local.’ My jokes once more did not appease his frustrations.
I sat back down as he conveyed to me his predicament. After the incident with the car, which was towed back to the inn by Dale, John tried everything he could to leave. Each time he attempted to use the local bus there would be a problem. It would breakdown, or there would be a landslide stopping it from entering the village – he even claimed that was why I had been stranded over night, because he had intended to take the bus again that day.
The man was adamant. For three months he had been a guest at ‘The Laird of Dungorth’, and yet no matter how he tried, he could not leave the outskirts of the village. Several times he had even tried to hike to the nearest town, but on each occasion he was beaten back by bitter and perilous weather which appeared without warning. He had even tried to phone for help, but his mobile phone seemed to have no signal, while using a land-line resulted in a continuous static. The same applied for anyone who tried to make a call on his behalf.
While I could not explain everything that had happened, I was certain that a series of rational and conventional events could account for each. It seemed madness that someone so obviously intelligent and articulate be made to believe such nonsense. I genuinely felt sympathy for the man.
‘You are the victim of a self fulfilling prophecy,’ I said confidently.
‘What do you mean?’ John replied.
‘I’ve worked in many villages like this. You come to an old part of the country with a haunting landscape. It seems like another world compared to the modern life of London. Then you are provided with paranoia fuel. A myth that the locals believe about a cursed part of the land. Taking all that in, you have some terrible luck hitting a tree with your car, and before you know it, you believe the whole thing. Perhaps you even imagined the figure on the road. Maybe even the whole encounter.’
‘What about the hill?’ he asked, obviously intrigued by any possibility that escape could be achieved.
‘Probably a placebo effect from all the stories you’ve heard. That or, who knows, maybe you had food poisoning or a virus of some kind and hallucinated the entire thing. Maybe there’s even some nut up there living in that church.’
It was obvious that he remained unconvinced, but I felt that it was my duty to take this poor soul out of that village, back to Glasgow where he could hopefully make arrangements to get home. I had seen the damage that unfounded beliefs could cause amongst people and communities before, and I was genuinely appalled by it. I just wanted to help.
‘Tomorrow, we’ll get the bus together and I’ll buy you a pint in Glasgow.’
He never said much in return, other than nodding his head reluctantly in agreement.
IV
The next day I rose early with a singular purpose. While I had to get home to work on my assignment, the bus was not due until the early evening, which gave me just enough time to persuade John to come with me in the most dramatic of fashions: To go to the hill myself. I knew that if I returned without any of these strange experiences that perhaps he would forget about the superstitious nonsense which the villagers had afflicted him with, and leave on the bus with me. I must also confess that I was utterly intrigued by the idea of the place, and while I had absolutely no doubt that John’s experiences were mistaken, I actually felt that there might be an article, or even a story in the whole ordeal. As a writer, such opportunities rarely present themselves.
Before I left I spoke with him and made my intentions clear. He pleaded with me not to go, that his fate need not be mine, but after much protestation he accepted that I would not be dissuaded, and reluctantly agreed that should I return without paranormal, supernatural, or otherworldly incidence, that he would leave for Glasgow with me.
After providing me with directions – ones which I was sure would not be forthcoming from the villagers – I made my way out to the supposedly tainted hillside. I must admit that when I saw it at first it did appear… odd to me. Misplaced somehow. But again, I counted this as the subconscious effect of John’s tale. The environment appeared to be just as he had described. At least that much was accurate. The road was blocked with rubble and rubbish, and I too found the wooden gate lying at the foot of the hillside. There was even a stain of blood upon it, certainly making the conclusion of his story more believable. The thought of some maniac up there did give me pause, but even if someone had chased John through the undergrowth, they had probably moved on after being confronted by Dale and the land lord. In any case, a badly wounded John had been able to escape, so I felt confident I would be fine.
I did not feel anything out of the ordinary as I crossed the threshold, and while the tangled weave of trees and dead grass did provoke feelings of decay, I was surprised by just how innocuous and commonplace the environment felt. After climbing the steep path which clearly had been used numerous times in recent years, I reached a spot which was reminiscent of John’s descriptions.
And there it was. Obscured from the world by a wall of leaves, rotting wood, and grass: The church. I was significantly surprised as I had thought such a building would surely have been part of John’s hallucinations and I concede that I began to feel slightly unnerved by its existence, and hesitated for a moment before proceeding. I’m embarrassed to say that had the area not been illuminated by the morning light, I may even have considered retreating. But I did not.
The church was fascinating, and I, at the very least, wished to see if it was as John had said, with an altar undisturbed inside. It was not difficult to gaze inward, though I shuddered slightly remembering the description of the door being partially blocked by debris, yet it lay wide open unimpeded, and this discrepancy did give me pause once more. Yet, there I stood, at the threshold peering inside. It was exactly as he had described; the floor strewn with rubble from a failing roof, the altar raised up ahead, an inscription – which by now I had no doubt did indeed read as John had stated – and the doorway leading downstairs to an unknown destination.
You must understand that at no point did I genuinely think that something supernatural resided there, the very idea seemed laughable; but I did began to question my safety. Thoughts of a hermit or mentally deranged recluse living under a remote church did not fill me with confidence.
‘Hello? Is anyone there?’ I shouted, my voice echoing up towards the rafters above.
With no reply, I castigated myself for being so paranoid and stepped inside. Carefully I negotiated the rubble, noticing droplets of blood on a broken piece of wood which I assumed were John’s. Thoughts of blood poisoning now entered my mind: Perhaps the wound in his side caused the hallucinations, at least the ones which occurred afterwards? That could have explained his disorientation.
The altar stood as he had stated. Realising that I may need to prove that I had been there to reassure the man, I took out my phone and started taking pictures of the church interior. With each flash the hall lit up, and as it did so my mind crept back to John’s descriptions of a zealous priest and a fearful congregation huddled under the protection of the church – but protected from what?
Turning to the darkened doorway which led underneath the building, I felt my heart begin to race at the prospect of descending the stone staircase, but I was compelled to, although not for entirely altruistic intentions. Yes, I did want to show John that there was nothing down there, and that the beliefs which seemed to hold him paralysed within the boundaries of the village were unsubstantiated; but I also wanted to know what lay beneath, myself. Why did this church have a subterranean level? Was there a crypt? My curiosity piqued and my mouth watered at the possibility of a published article describing my discovery, of an unknown archaeological find with perhaps an important and valuable relic or two within.
As I approached the door, I could feel the cold air breathing from below. Using the light from my phone, I calmed my nerves which had begun to grate on me and looked cautiously inside. A steep and narrow flight of stairs dripped down into the ground beneath. The walls were darkened grey and seemed to have been carved or formed with far less care than the rest of the church. I shouted down there once more, but again no one replied and I therefore assumed the place to be abandoned. As I descended, I was surprised by just how long the staircase actually was, and by the time I reached its conclusion estimated that I was at least fifty feet beneath the old church. It appeared peculiar to me that a level would be so far beneath the ground and questioned to myself the purpose of it – why had the architects, builders, or followers of the church dug so deep.
At the last step I composed myself, and turned to face a darkened doorway at the conclusion of the staircase. The blue light from my phone illuminated everything around. What I saw deeply disturbed me; a large room, the floor littered with rags, stone, and human bones. I could not tell how many bodies had been left to rot there, for they were too numerous. The chill in the air was pronounced, and I felt frozen to the core not just by the cold of the stone which surrounded me, but by the sorrowful feeling I felt inside. It was almost as if I could imagine people huddled down there, spending their last moments hidden from the sun. The very impression I had, was that they had died there, yet I did not know why I was so convinced of this.
Taking a few pictures, I then entered what I can only describe as… a mass grave. I was careful to not disturb the bones, but I am ashamed to say that I felt the crunch of a few under foot. To the right lay a doorway leading into another chamber, and while I did not wish to disturb the tomb any more than I already had, I felt compelled to know the entire story. That is, what else was down there.
Above the doorway sat a stone cherub, carved with a degree of artistic flair, putting it at odds with the room full of bones, but the childlike face wore a strange grin upon it. Not of joy or playfulness, but of taunting and sadomasochistic indulgence. The very sight of it left me with a feeling of revulsion, and so I quickly entered the other chamber to be removed from its gaze.
Inside was a large room, much grander than the one before. I could tell immediately that something of importance to those who had built the church had once been housed there. The walls were adorned with beautifully carved symbols, some Christian, but many of a nature I could not identify. In the centre of the room lay a block of solid stone three feet across. A large hole lay to its side. On the rock was the following inscription:
Here lies the father. Loved by some, hated by many.
As I pondered the epitaph I peered into the hole. The grave was vacant, but I was glad that I had seen it before walking around the room, as it was deep and wide enough to have given me a nasty fall. Being stranded down there with a broken leg was not something that I wished to consider. The dirt inside the grave was stained black by what looked like a deposit of charcoal throughout, and the fringe of the hole was surrounded by a circular pile of dirt. I assumed that grave robbers, or perhaps those who had ‘hated’ the man, had removed his body long ago.
The air of the place was beginning to affect me intensely. Each breathe inward was jagged and cold, and the discomfort was such that I decided I had seen enough. While taking a few pictures to document the tomb before leaving, the flash from my phone brought something on the floor into sharp focus. Covered in earth and dirt lay a book which poked out slightly from the ground. Gently blowing the dust from it, I carefully lifted it up, resting the book on top of the makeshift gravestone.
The binding was ancient, peeling slightly as I ran my hand over it. The dark red cover, which I could not identify the material out of which it had been made, spoke of time gone by and of stories lost yet important. Deep down I knew that such an item should be removed carefully and studied by scholars, but as a writer, my passion for a story compelled me to see what it contained. Opening it, I was amazed. This was a chronicle. A hand written account of the history of the church, its congregation and the hillside. A snapshot of a people long since forgotten.
It was written in a linguistically confused tone, as the wording seemed to be a mix of Old Scots English and phrases in a language unfamiliar to me, one which I assumed to be Celtic or Gaelic in origin, however, the passages in Old Scots I could read to a degree. What follows is a loose recollection of what had been inscribed there.
***
In the 15th century a group of refugees came to that area in search of a place they could call home. The valleys – or glens as they are known in Scotland – were uninhabited at that time, as too was a strange hill which dominated the landscape. The people were from a place called Dungorth, and they had escaped from the laird there who had ruled that region at the time; fleeing his persecution as he was a brutal and merciless ruler who punished all who did not follow his beliefs.
In all they numbered only in the hundreds, and while their elders wished to settle in the glens, a prominent priest amongst them claimed that to bless the lands, and to ensure that no ills would befall their community, the hill must be settled first – a beacon of holiness casting a shadow of protection on all below. While some were suspicious of the man’s fascination with the place, he was known for his kindness and as one whose judgement could be trusted. Disheartened, the elders began to follow his example, as it was typical of the time for people to be God fearing. There, on that isolated and baleful hillside, they built a small settlement, but almost immediately a few of the settlers began to fall ill. A sickness which could not be explained and which often resulted in a feverish madness.
The priest blamed a number of standing stones which were peppered throughout the hillside, remnants of – to him at least – an old and heretical religion. It was decided under his supervision that the people should build a church. With the presence of consecrated ground, it was thought that the effects of whatever resided on the hill previously, would be eradicated.
They were wrong.
Despite their efforts the sickness only grew worse, and many began to suspect that the priest himself was in league with the abhorrent forces at play. Some of the elders rose up against him, but under his orders, members from the church congregation executed those who rebelled. Fearing for their lives, many of the settlers who were outraged by the priest and his followers, fled in the night, escorting the remaining elders to the lands below. Most made it off of the hill, but some returned wailing and frightened, believing themselves to have been stalked by uncertain and unearthly figures in the woods, unable to escape. To save their lives, they pledged undying fellowship to the priest and his church.
Claiming to be receiving visions from the almighty himself, the holy man assured the villagers that if they carried out his explicit instructions that they would all be saved. Each night they gathered in the church as the priest spewed forth his visions and damning, seething hatred for those who had left. It became clear to some that he had gone mad, but by then the man had formed a strict and brutally loyal conclave of followers who hung on every word and prophecy, making any rebellion sure to be a violent, bloody, and uncertain one.
Many spoke of dreams without form, blinded by darkness, and several families were found in their homes, suffocated in the night. The priest blamed those who had escaped and told stories of how they were the source of the darkness which had persecuted his people, cursing them to a desperate end. Bitterness and anger swept through the community and several villagers were selected to descend the hill and bring back the elders who were to be judged and sacrificed if need be. But no one could leave. No matter how hard they tried, the church loomed large, no matter which way they walked, down or up, they would appear where they had begun, confused and disorientated.
The sickness spread, and the village watchmen one by one were found choked and mutilated in the streets, with witnesses claiming to have seen strange entities prowling around at night. In the panic, those left had no option but to cling to their religion for salvation, in the hope that the church would protect them. They huddled together underneath its roof, in abject terror for what approached from the shadows outside.
Here, the writing changed markedly, becoming jagged, fervent, and more pronounced. The priest himself had taken over from the town chronicler who he had deemed to be unsatisfactory. Several pages followed, pockets of English entangled with what looked like Latin, and a number of unusual and indecipherable languages. Each page was filled with pain and scorn for those who had left, and then, the words just stopped.
***
Standing there in that Stygian and foreboding place, I ran my fingers across the spine of the book and could see clearly that the last page had been torn out. What it could have contained, I did not know.
I felt overwhelmed by the account which I had just read as a very real and palpable fear surged throughout my body. The thought occurred to me, that the accounts of the sickness which had plagued the exiles of Dungorth seemed remarkably similar to John’s experiences. I could not avoid the coincidence and I began to suspect that something had in fact affected him after all; something tangible. Perhaps a contaminant in the ground. A poison maybe? I had read about pockets of methane gas escaping through the earth and at sea which had killed many, but it was not out of the question that something similar, perhaps in a smaller dose could in fact have caused mass hallucinations, sickness, and even madness. It was the most feasible explanation I could come up with. Yet, why had I not been effected? Perhaps, as the chronicle had stated, some people were more immune to the contaminant than others.
My attention now turned once more to the grave, or at least what was left of it. I wondered what the people did with the body of that loved but hated priest, assuming that was who ‘the father’ referred to. Did they re-bury it in another location? Perhaps his followers were worried that his grave would be vandalised. The answer became clear to me almost immediately: They had burned him in his grave, under the very church he had built; the hole where his body once lay, now marked eternally by the blackened stains of smoke and ember. I shuddered at the thought that he may have been thrown down there and set alight while still alive.
The air now grew noticeably colder, but this was not what marked the beginning of my ordeal. I leaned over, looking closely at what I saw on the rim of the grave. I could not bring my self to believe it. There on the brim of the hole was a callous signature left by the church’s former attendant. In the darkness I must have missed it, but now it was unmistakable. There on the edge of the grave was a hand print, blackened and burned, as of someone clawing their way out of their eternal and forsaken pit.
My breath spiralled slowly out of my mouth, congealing in the icy surrounds while my heart raced at the mere possibility of what had risen from that hole in the ground. As the air grew colder still, I stood up and made my way to the foot of the stairs – I had to get out of there, into the sunlight, into the open. It was then that I heard it. At first it was merely the impression of a sound. Then more definite, rising in intensity and clarity. Something stirred above.
People. Many of them, groaning and lamenting, crying for their lives in unison. Chants in the darkness, both Christian and of something older, a fetid religion that had best been left in the ground. As the wails of misery ascended, a single voice rose up out of the cacophony. Deafening and terrible, it spoke of the end of days, of betrayal, and of unimpeded sin. The voice yelled and screamed, renouncing all who did not listen, a vengeful sermon from that stone altar above.
I cannot put the fear I felt into words. Alone in the cold darkness of a defiled crypt, with no way out other than up and into that church hall where something hideous now relived forgotten and terrible times. The screams grew louder as the banging and scuffing of feet rushed towards the staircase, towards where I stood. Such pain in those voices, I ran in terror as they flew down the ancient staircase towards me.
Without thinking, I jumped down into the empty grave switching the light from my phone off and found myself cowering, shaken to my very core by the agonising voices which cried out against the world, and one another, in the next room – hate and utter despair at evil both outside and in. The roar of agony increased, men, women, children weeping and cursing a God they believed had forsaken them. Accusations, persecution, and the tearing of flesh. Then, silence. I clung to the bottom of that charred grave with my fingernails etched into the soil. Any scepticism I had for unseen and hidden forces had receded. Shaking violently in the cold bleakness, I waited for several minutes before switching the light of my phone back on.
Peering over the brim of the grave, I pulled myself silently onto the floor. The rooms were empty, all but for the broken bones and skulls of countless lives ruined by whatever evil lay in that hillside. I finally plucked up the courage and with nerves shredded and beliefs shattered, I climbed the stairs slowly, scared rigid at the thought of what might be waiting for me at the top, but it was my only way out, and I would be damned if I was going to end my days the way those poor people had, cowering deep below.
The hall was empty. As quietly as possible, I crossed the room negotiating debris and rubble quickly but quietly, cutting through an oppressive silence, finally exiting through the doorway to the open air. Once out of the church I fell to my knees, quivering with anxiety as I tried to process the entire experience. My mind then flew back to what had been in that grave, and more importantly, where it was now. Then I knew. Running as fast as I could through bushes and thickets, I reached the path quickly, unimpeded by whatever evil had blocked the settler’s escape, but I did not stop, half filled with terror at what might have been in pursuit, and half pleading for my instincts to be wrong.
The air burned in my lungs as I rushed down the path, within minutes the wooden gate was in sight and I was off of that wretched hill, a place I would never tread again. Not for money, not for a story, not for anything. I would have breathed a sigh of relief at this thought, but that was not in my mind. I had to get back to the inn as quickly as possible. Continuing to run as fast as I could, I fought exhaustion and the limits of my own body, and after a time across field and hedgerow, finally the Laird of Dungorth inn came into view.
Staggering towards the old building, it was then that I heard it. Screams, of agony, of terror, and for mercy. I knew instantly where and by whom. A new found jolt of stamina found me as I broke into a sprint once more, bursting through the doors into the bar. There, the room lay in silence. Villagers sat staring at their drinks while the landlord himself stood motionless, his eyes pointed to the ground. The screams continued from the rooms above. I begged and pleaded for someone to help me, but none would listen. Realising I was alone to confront it, I broke for the stairs, but the landlord forcefully intervened, dragging me back, his arms wrapped tightly around my shoulders.
‘Leave him son, you can’t help!’ he yelled as two other men attempted to restrain me.
I thrust my elbow into the stomach of the landlord behind and then barged passed the two men, knocking one to the floor. Tearing up the stairs I followed the awful cries straight to John’s room. The door was locked. Thrusting my shoulder against the door, again and again, it cracked and splintered against my efforts. With each strike I heard the garbled gasp of something unearthly inside in response. Finally, the door gave way and in I went.
For a moment I glimpsed something which looked like a man, at least something which once was alive. Blackened and burned, it turned its head as if to stare at me – I cannot say whether it truly saw me as it had no eyes to speak of. In its grip was the crumpled and lifeless body of John R———.
Then, it turned, wriggling through an open window, carting the poor man’s body behind. They were both gone.
The room then took on a volatile and fluid appearance. I do not know if it was the exertion of my efforts or just being in proximity to that grotesque miscreation, but a sickness overcame me, seeping through my stomach, and as I lost consciousness I cried out in helplessness.
V
That was several days ago. It seems I banged my head against the floor when I collapsed and somehow injured my leg in the process. The village doctor who examined me prescribed some antibiotics for what he believed to be a stomach infection, and a sedative which helped ease my anxiety. With little else to occupy me, I have committed everything I can remember about this entire horrid ordeal to paper. After all, a writer writes.
Yesterday I visited John’s Room for the first time since he was taken. It was silent, and it felt empty in a way I have never truly known before. An absence of life is the best I can describe it. The place lay ransacked, his belongings still strewn across the floor. I assumed that no one had been in there, the land lord was probably too frightened, but I do not blame him. As I turned to leave the now vacant room, I noticed one item which looked out of place – it did not belong. On John’s bed lay a withered and stained piece of paper. I knew where it had come from without even needing to read it, the last page of the chronicle, the account of those who had settled on the hill. A maze of repeated phrases in arcane and forgotten languages spread out across the crumpled and fragile paper, but one in English stood out. It simply said ‘No One Leaves’.
I do not know what to make of anything any more. I feel exhausted, yet my mind still picks over the last few days piece by piece. I am wracked with guilt, somehow I feel my very presence on that hill brought whatever that was back down here to take John. Otherwise, why did it wait so long?
My last thought on the matter is that perhaps I’ve just been lucky, that I visited the hill when that thing wasn’t on it probably saved my life. In any case, regardless of how the villagers wish to explain this I will be reporting John’s disappearance when I arrive in Glasgow, and asking the police to take a look at the number of residents who have went missing in the area over the years. I think they will be surprised by the number.
Home seems a million miles away, but I know that I will be there shortly, to my own bed, another world far away from the events of the past few days; perhaps there I will be able to put this madness into context. I have never been so homesick. Hopefully I will be there in a matter of hours, although, the bus out of the village is running a little late.
The End
Credit To – Michael Whitehouse
–
Update from the author: Hi everyone. I’ve just self-published On a Hill via Amazon. I’m not asking anyone to buy it, but if you did read it and enjoy it here, if you could take a couple of minutes to rate it by clicking here and share it, that would be amazing. Sorry for the gratuitous self promotion. Thanks again for reading!
~ Mike
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The submission form is once again open and ready for your stories! 
The July/August submission period will run from July 5, 2014 – August 20, 2014.
If you did not receive a reply to your submission from the April/May period, your story was rejected. Do not to submit comments or contact requests asking for your old submission’s status. Please take the time to look at your story with a critical eye and re-work any issues before resubmitting. Remember, simply re-submitting a rejected story without any edits will not accomplish anything beyond netting yourself a ban when I notice that you’re spamming the same rejected story over and over. 
If you are having trouble discerning why your story was not accepted and your pasta was not placed on Crappypasta, I suggest joining The Creepypasta Network and posting your in-progress pastas on their forums. Specifically, their Story Area sub-forum is designed precisely for writers to share their work and receive feedback.
The contact form has also been re-opened. As always, please limit use of this form for issues that are not already handled in the FAQ. If you submit a contact request asking for support with something that has already been explained in the FAQ or on the submission/contact pages themselves, you will not receive an answer. Please just use the already provided information rather than expecting an individual response – I took the time to create the FAQ specifically to avoid having to constantly hand-hold people through some of the more basic aspects of the website and submission process.
Due to recent events, both the submission and contact forms will now track your IP address when you use them. If you submit anything abusive or obscene, expect an IP ban from the entire website, not just the submission form. The form will also note your user agent/browser version in order to help me see patterns when the form inevitably refuses to work for some people. This information will only be visible to me and will not be shared or used for any purposes beyond what I just mentioned, but I wanted you guys to be aware that this data was now being collected.
Thanks for reading and good luck with your submissions!
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The following manuscript, along with two video tapes of security camera footage, was found in the fourth floor of an empty office building next to what remains of a mangled, once locked, metal door. The building, located deep in the forests of North Dakota, was repossessed by the city, repaired, and sold to a software company. The tapes and files were thrown away and later stolen from the trash. Their current location remains unknown.
What follows is a letter written by Dr. Richard Banks, who has been missing for over two years.
This is an apology. I’ve gotten three people killed already, and I’m certain that more will follow. I’m sorry for that, I really am. Ten goddamn years of paranormal research tossed in the garbage, our big, revolutionary project up in flames, but I’m getting off topic. I should start from the beginning.
We were fresh out of grad school and newly unemployed, quickly realizing that a PhD doesn’t even get you a job teaching science to first graders. That’s when my good friend James Weldon approached me with an idea. All four of us had been obsessed with the paranormal, but James was really into it. He showed us this study out of Russia where these scientists were able to conjure what they referred to as “ten’ chelovek,” “the Shadow Man.” Though we were naturally skeptical at first, all of us were intrigued by this research.
The files went into explicit detail about how to conjure, contain, and study the Shadow Man that for the sake of public safety I will not repeat here. By some miracle, we acquired what used to be an office building that was far enough away from the nearest town. We set up what passed for a lab and three weeks later, began the ritual.
We just about shit ourselves when the inky form appeared in the observation room. We actually did it. The scientist in me was astounded, but the rest of me was deeply unnerved. The Shadow Man was downright creepy. The figure before me was a humanoid shape that didn’t look like it was entirely there, almost like it was made of smoke, like you could put your hand right through it. It had no discernable features.
We performed countless tests and experiments on this entity, but much to our disappointment and curiosity, the Shadow Man did not respond to stimuli. Heat, cold, light, dark, we tried it all. It did not react. That’s not to say that there were no changes, though. We noticed that, as the days progressed, the Shadow Man grew more corporeal. Its form seemed to solidify and take a more permanent shape.
As the Shadow Man evolved, it frightened me even more. It looked more human each day. James thought that the Shadow Man was copying us. While it did appear very humanlike, it couldn’t get it just right. The Shadow Man’s limbs were jagged, like they had been badly broken in several places and had not set properly. Jane Adams, behavioral psychologist and member of our team, had already begun writing a paper on the Shadow Man. We told her that absolutely no one would believe a word of it, that it might even ruin her career, but she didn’t care. I guess we were all too blinded by how strange this situation was to think rationally.
A couple days later, I was in the observation room by myself. I had stayed late that night, promising to close up when I left. I think the Shadow Man knew that I was alone. It approached the glass wall separating us, and pressed its bony, mangled fingers against it.
The lights went out. The power was still on, as the computers were still running, but the lights turned off and would not come back on no matter what I tried. Though it sounded ridiculous, I thought that the Shadow Man was smart. Now, it was impossible to see the creature in the darkness, and I think that’s what it wanted.
When I was turned around messing with the fuse box, the Shadow Man began to throw itself against the glass wall. Violently, these bangs rang out into the dark room, reverberating off of the walls and through the air. I ran out of the building and didn’t come back until noon the next day, when I was sure the sun would be at its brightest.
Aside from that night, the Shadow Man experiment was going pretty well until James called us into the lab at three in the morning. He took me aside, leaving the others in the observation room. James was freaking out as he threw a stack of papers on the table before us. “We fucked up.”
I picked up a few pages and thumbed through them, but I soon realized that, as they were all in Russian, I didn’t understand a word of it. I asked him what was wrong and what all of these papers were.
He told me that they were new publications from the scientists in Russia, the ones studying the Shadow Man. “They’re all dead now. The whole town just fucking vanished.” He went on about how after two weeks of their experiment, just a few days longer than our own experiment has lasted, they started noticing changes in the Shadow Man. It was becoming malevolent. Then, it disappeared.
James explained that the papers in my hand were the last publications the scientists released about the Shadow Man, saying that on several occasions, the creature tried to harm the scientists. The physical attacks started small, with the Shadow Man clawing and scratching the research team, but quickly escalated into life threatening incidents, even putting one of the scientists in the hospital.
As if this wasn’t scary enough, James continued, telling me that the Shadow Man got out of the Russian lab, which was certainly much better equipped than ours was. He rifled through the scattered pieces of paper on the table before pulling out an article from a Russian newspaper about six scientists found dead in an empty laboratory. They were ripped apart. An animal attack, the police officers believed.
“Now look at this,” James handed me another article. “Everyone in the town surrounding the lab died the same way.”
I started at the papers in front of me, not wanting to believe what James was telling me.
“What have we done?”
Maybe we should have waited for the results of the Russian experiment before trying to replicate it. I knew that we had to leave. I planned on staying with family living two states away, but James said that we had to kill the Shadow Man. Reluctantly, I agreed, knowing that I wouldn’t feel right about letting everyone in the city die, but I made James promise that if we couldn’t kill this thing in two days, we would leave. He agreed, and with some persuasion, the others did too.
Nothing could kill the Shadow Man. Not guns, knives, poison, we even tried spraying it with Raid. We just made it angrier.
All of us decided to leave the lab the next morning. We gathered all of our data on the Shadow Man and left it on the table, knowing that whenever the building was sold, someone would find it, and maybe even believe it.
Before we were able to leave, door to the observation room flew off its hinges, smacking against the wall and toppling onto the floor. We sprinted toward the exit, but only James and I made it out. The two of us stood outside, listening to the screaming from in the building. Abruptly, it ended, and James and I took off, not wanting to wait for the Shadow Man to come for us.
We came back two days later, and we found what was left of Jane smeared on the floor and walls. Lisa Altman, the fourth member of our team, tried to escape the observation room via a fifth story window. After seeing what happened to Jane, I can tell you that Lisa was better off.
This is my apology to you. The Shadow Man experiment was a mistake, and I fully admit that what we did was wrong, even if it’s not going to change anything. I’ve been scouring the internet for days, and there has been no mention of the Shadow Man anywhere. Hopefully, that means the Russians and us are the only ones who have been dumb enough to conjure it. James stopped returning my calls yesterday. The Shadow Man caught up with him. I know that I’m as good as dead.
I leave you with this. Ever since the beginning, the Shadow Man gave me a weird vibe. I was always frightened of it. Please follow your instincts and think twice before you get involved with things like this. If you do, just for a moment consider the consequences.
Regretfully,
Richard Banks
The first tape is from a camera mounted on the wall of what is assumed to be the observation room Dr. Banks describes in his letter. Four people look into a room behind a wall of glass. The footage is low quality, but five candles, three of which are unlit, surrounding scattered pieces of scrap metal, are visible in the room.
In the middle of the room behind the glass wall, a figure appears. It is dark and inky and matches almost perfectly Dr. Banks’ descriptions. The scientists are clearly excited as they begin to observe the entity, which remains completely still inside the observation room. All of them frantically scratch down notes and snap photos.
The second tape, released from police custody after an investigation into the disappearances of the scientists, contains footage of what is believed to be the night the Shadow Man escaped. It appears to have been filmed by the same camera as the first tape. All four members of the research team are in the lab, cautiously watching the Shadow Man from behind the glass.
The Shadow Man seems to disappear for a moment, and then launches itself at the thick metal door, ripping it off its hinges. The door lands on the laboratory floor five feet from the wall of the observation room. Richard Banks and James Weldon run out of the room. Lisa Altman forces open a window and quickly jumps out of it.
Jane Adams stands in the middle of the room, frozen. The Shadow Man pauses for a moment before darting across the room and throwing itself onto Jane. When it moves, its limbs swing out almost comically, but in such a way that they should not have allowed the entity to move at all, much less as rapidly as it did. The Shadow Man rips apart Jane Adams, flinging pieces of her flesh across the room, tearing her down to the bone. The Shadow Man then exits the observation room through the open door, eyes never leaving the camera as it leaves.
Local police departments in the surrounding area have reported a spike in reports of animal attacks and sightings of a “disturbing figure” stalking the town. Neither Dr. Richard Banks nor any of his potentially living associates have been located.
Credit: K. Brown
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

His voice echoes through my conscience over and over again. I remember his face was a sickly, yellow color. The corners of his mouth were veiled with blood; the sound of the air- pacemaker was just as I’d imagined it would sound. The oropharyngeal airway stuck out from the corner of his mouth with clear, flexible tubes in his arms, the catheter and noiseless nurses repeatedly coming in and out of the room wearing teal and blue scrubs. His chest rose and fell in jagged cycles like a conveyor belt ready to give out. He looks like a Holocaust victim as my dad would say. I was in agony seeing him in this condition; it was not my brother I was seeing. What I’d seen was something no human should have to bear witness. The staff at the hospital told us he would not be leaving his hospital bed alive, my mother fell in her chair and began to weep. As we sat with him, we simply could not bear to watch him suffer any longer.
“If we remove the pacemaker and ease back on the dopamine he’ll be able to hear your voices; however, if we do that he will most likely die within minutes.” The doctor said. “If that is what you wish…”
We wanted it to be over with, all of it. My father nodded and gave her permission to proceed. When his eyes finally opened, I felt unwell; his eyes were just as yellow as his skin was. The blood vessels in his eyes were touched afire. The struggle, the gasps for air, the suffering on his face filled me with contempt and resentment towards everything in this existence. I cursed God; I damned him for everything, I damned all the Son’s of Adam and the daughters of Eve.
“We love you, Brian; we’ll always be a family of five.” My father said.
Finally his face went slack and his body became still. The doctor came in and checked his vitals. His eyelids were slightly parted; I could still see the sickly, yellow color in his eyes. She looked up at my mother with a disdainful look that made my heart sink all the way down into my belly.
“I’m sorry, he’s passed…” she said.
I grabbed hold of my mother and brought her close to my chest the way she did for me when I was young. We stood there and she sobbed in my arms for the longest time. Just like yesterday he was gone. My whole family wept, but for some unknown reason I could not. I did not understand why, I should have been crying like a travailing woman, but I didn’t. Instead, I knelt beside his bed and clutched his hand for a little while, just wanting to feel him one last time. His body was still warm; I could still feel the life that once coursed through him. Not the cold, stiff, synthetic feeling it would have after being caked with embalming fluid.
I leaned in and kissed his forehead, “I’ll always love you. You’ll always be my big brother…” I whispered.
I can’t speak for elsewhere, but here on Earth there is a fair supply of everything. We manufacture chairs, transistors, scissors, teacups, and dams. There are the goods in life: clothes fresh out of the dryer, singing in the shower, breaking perforated seals on just about anything, peeling a clementine in just one peel, a perfectly popped bag of popcorn, seeing a woman slip into a pair of jeggings, when the Starbucks barista spells your name right, a box of corgi puppies. The world is filled with these things, but it is also filled with the bad stuff. House fires, thoughts of suicide, divorce, cancer, the New York stock exchange and Rupert Murdoch. For me the bad stuff never seemed to end, but one solemn day in October I saw how much worse things could get. Things turned for the worst imaginable and on this day Death was rapping away at my door asking for me.
October 25th
It had been a little more than a year since that night in the hospital. That day I’d been driving for longer than I could remember. The east was not wedged with apartment complexes, gridlock traffic jams and boisterous barking dogs. Freetown was an urban area which resembled something out of a colonial painting; the town itself lied on the southeast region of Bristol County. Most of the houses were built with vinyl sidings; there were newly paved roads and families walking hand-in-hand down the sidewalk. I looked down at the navigation system on my phone; I was just a few miles away now.
“Turn left on Sesame Seed Avenue then follow for three-quarters of a mile.” it broadcasted.
The closer I got the less of people I saw. Residents in these parts were more spread out than others elsewhere in this neck of the country, but when I got closer to the woods border it became more perceptible to me.
I drove up to a four-way intersection and came across a very old, tumbledown wood-sign settled just off to the side of the road with the words “Wampanoag Indian Reservation”. The paint was eroded by years of rainfall and other attributes. Then I noticed a fallen marker sign with the words inscribed on it “Freetown State Forest-1.5 miles”. The sign was corroded with rust and overgrown in moss, but it was still legible enough to read. Odd no one fixed it I thought, you would think the town would try and replace it, but they did not.
A few minutes go by and I came up to a small shoppette, “Main Street market”. It looked like an establishment out of the pioneer era. The twenty-by-ten market fortified with chicory sidings and a hitching post out front; the only thing that was missing was a billboard sign mounted above the store’s entrance titled “Guns. Pistols- Ammunition. Hardware and Tinware” and a little sub-note that said “Guns & pistols repaired”. There was a neon sign advertising Coors Light fizzing away in the window. I thought it’d be wise to stock up on snacks and maybe a spare set of batteries. I pulled into the dirt lot, my vehicle rose and fell like an ocean current kicking up clouds of dust. The lot was completely empty; no sign of any other vehicles, not even the store owner’s vehicle, but the sign clearly read “Open”. When I walked in I found myself greeted by a man with a shit eating grin who looked like he had just crawled out of a bottle of gin. His face was old and haggard, his hair and skin was as white as the blossoms of an almond tree. He whistled an indistinct melody, the likes of which I had never heard before, the tune was rather daunting as if forewarning its listeners about something. He wore a blue smock brandishing his store’s logo on it. Another man with similar features was in the far corner stocking shelves with cans of pickled okra. The room had a strange aroma to it; it reminded me of moldy Roquefort cheese (odd but more pleasant than one might think).
“Hi there!” the man exclaimed.
Not being rude I replied with, “Hello, sir.” while offering a tentative smile.
The man grinned widely at my response, “What can I do for ya, son?”
“Jus’ lookin’ for a few things is all.”
“You lemme know if you need any help, k?”
“Yes sir!” I replied. Our conversation following that introduction would not be so pleasant.
Fifteen minutes pass by and I gather what provisions I feel I would need for my journey. I returned to the counter where the old store clerk was posted.
“What’s your name, son?” the man asked.
“Scott,” I replied, “Scott Connors.”
“Please to make yer acquaintance, Mista Connors.” The man’s accent was very thick. It was the accent of your standard Eastern New Englander. He extended one hand over the counter in an effort to shake my hand, like what most men in this part of the world do when making introductions. I grasped his hand, they were just as worn and damaged as his face was, and his fingernails were yellowed, probably from years of smoking Rothman Royals. I could tell he was a smoker; the moment I walked up to the counter I immediately picked up on the scent of nicotine; the man was a walking ashtray.
“Name’s Rich, Richard Wright; but people call me Dick fur short.” he replied.
“Please to meet you, Mr. Wright.”
“Neva seen you around dese parts befo’, son. And I’m one ta notice a face when I’ve seen it a time ur two.”
“I’m originally from a little town out west called South Hadley.”
“Neva heard of it.”
“Not too many people have.” I replied.
“What brings ya all the way out here to the Bridgewater Triangle?” he asked.
I saw no harm in his question; I felt no reason not to tell him, so I did. “Just takin’ a little excursion on my day-off; I like to hike, especially this time of year with all the foliage.”
He glanced at me peculiarly while he packaged my items. “I thought it’d be nice to go on a little trek thru Freetown forest.”
The sound of falling canned items from one of the shelves behind me caught my attention. When I looked over my shoulder I noticed the other man sprawling out onto the floor to retrieve the fallen canned items. The look on his face was one I will not forget; it was one of abysmal frozen horror. A bemused looked dawned on my face; when I turned back to Mr. Wright I found the expression on his face was one much similar to that of the other man’s. At first I could not explain the livid terror which had dropped over his face at that moment. Mr. Wright stared down at me from behind the counter; he looked at me like I had tree branches growing out of my ears. The pallor on the man’s face was uncommonly difficult to explain.
“Now what business das a youngin like yerself hava goin’ out into dose woods?” he asked me.
“I’ve been searching for something. No treasure or any other fiddle-faddle of that sort. Just
searchin’ for some closure is all.”
He rubbed the stubby wattles on his chin; I could see he was searching for the correct way to tell me something rather important. Being a stranger and all there was always some folklore the ol’ timers in this neck of the woods had to tell any passerby or “outsiders” was perhaps the more preferred terminology people had for us these days. This wasn’t my first experience being an “outsider”, every time my family and I went out to eat at Fish Tails in Whatley we were always greeted by a roomful of unpleasant facial expressions. People from that region did not take too kindly to anyone who was from outside of the area, or was not one of German or Polish decent.
“Son, I promise you dere ain’t nothin’ in those woods worth vistin’, its jus’ a bad place…”
“What are you gettin’ at, ol’ timer?”
“There are places in the world where strangeness seems to gravitate and dis be one of ‘em.” he replied. “People go missin’ in those woods all the time and neva turn up. It’s like they walked off the face of de earth.” He confided in me.
“How can that be?” I asked him skeptically.
“I can’t say whether it’s the topography, geography or jus’ some other enigmatic power that causes dese tings, but they just keep happenin’.”
“Well, ol’ timer, you got my attention. So why don’t you tell me what lives in Freetown Forest?” I said sounding somewhat condescending, but the ol’ timer overlooked my pompous behavior for more important things were happening here.
He exchanged glances with the man from across the room for a moment then returned his gaze toward me. “Awe I hate dis, but it got to be done…” he said, and then he sighed. It was the sigh of a man who had set down a heavy burden and knows he must now pick it up again. “Evil, my boy…” he said sharply, a short silence befell the room. I thought for a moment the old man was having me on but then I realized by the look in his eyes that he was as serious as the fifth act of a tragedy. “Originally tis here land belonged to the Whamp-anu-gg or Whamppuag or whatever dem here calls It.”
“The Wampanoag?” I asked.
With one crooked finger the old timer pointed it at me and shook it vigorously with approval, “Dat’s the one!” he said. “The Wampanoag tribe, in da early days of the new world the Wampanoag tribe was driven from dese parts. Rumors floated around dat tis town was settled on an ol’ Indian reservation. They say the valley is cursed ur somethin’. Jus’ a plethora of unexplained occurrences happen fro’ time ta time. The place just has a foul aura about it.”
“I’ve heard the stories.” I could hear just how sardonic my voice sounded.
“Have you been told about the murder of Mary Lou Arruda in ‘78?” he asked me.
I shook my head, “I can’t say I have.” the name did not sound familiar as I feel I would recognize a name such as Mary Lou- Arruda.
“November 1978, da poor girl was found tied to a tree. Her killer beat her within an inch of her life then left ‘er for da wolves. Autopsy said when she los’ consciousness the weight of her body caused stress on her neck an’ ensuing asphyxiation.”
“They ever find who did it?”
“Fortunately, yes. A man by the name of, James Kater, a donut maker in Raynham, Mass. It wasn’t the first and it certainly wouldn’t be da las’. Dere are otha things crawlin’ around in those woods. I would not venture dere alone or after dark.”
“Well, Mr. Wright, I’m all ears.” I said. There I go again with the condescending tone of mine, I just can’t help myself, can’t I?
“Bout ten years ago, two young backpackers were hikin’ along Haskal path when a tree gave way. Da roots must’ve gone sour; dat thing came tumblin’ down on top of ‘em both, killin’ them instantly. When the firefighters managed to lift the damn thing off of ‘em they looked like a steamroller had plowed over their poor bodies. The funeral parlor had to make the services closed casket. Then jus’ six years back, Maggie Lawrence, over on Bolton Avenue lost her dog, Chipper, in doze woods. Three weeks later he turns up at her front door step, bloody to a pulp and mad wit’ disease. He came back not the friendly cohort she raised but an abomination whose only intentions were ta rip her throat out. Da thing wreathed wit’ an odious stench. Maggie says he smelt like somethin’ that had been festering out in the hot sun for too long, like decaying flesh or somethin’. Animal Control came by an’ put two rounds in ol’ Chipper’s head. But a minute later, da damn thing got back up and started chargin’ da feller who shot ‘em. Poor sonuveabitch lost an eye. Took two men to pull the damn thing off of em, they put two more rounds in its head then they cremated the body. I don’t know very much, son; but I do knows when somethin’ doesn’t go down after two slugs in da temple, dat it’s not somethin’ of this world. Then again a few years back, a family I tink dere name was Fitzgerald ur somethin’ and there three kids” he pronounced three like tree, “came tru ‘ere lookin’ for stuff for a family hike. I remember da children so vividly. De eldest’s name was Mark, the middle was Alex, and den tere was the youngest, Brenna.” He said as a look of despondency dawned on his face in that moment, “Sweet lil angel she was. I tol’ da father about dat place like I done wit’ you but he wouldn’t have any of it.”
“What happened?” I asked now intrigued by the ol’ timer’s story.
“Two hours went by, I was gettin’ ready to close up shop when da father kicked in da door wit’ his lil girl in his arms. Her head hung like a dyin’ flower when he carried her, her eyes were wide and her body was swollen all over.” That wrinkled look on his face worsened the more he spoke, “She’d fallen into a pit of rattlers.”
Rattlers? I thought questionably, “Owe, you mean rattlesnakes?” I asked.
“Dat’s what I mean, rattlers.” he replied. “Poor child was bitten from head ta toe and died from the venom before da parents had a chance to get her to the car.”
I sighed, it was a tragedy nonetheless and I know a thing or two about tragedies. “Well,” I replied, “I think I should be safe from rattlers. The cold this time of year has surely driven them underground till the spring.”
“The Devil’s pawns also occupy tem woods; Devil worshipers, Satanists, or as like to call tem wackadoodles. People see dem every now and again at night from the light of their fires committing strange and unspeakable deeds. The wickedness of dat place draws them to it.”
“I’ll be cautious about where I go, sir.”
“You bes’ also bring protection with you, people usually do specially when they go walkin’ around before sunset. You hear strange noises after sundown.”
“What kind of strange noises?”
“Sounds like cryin’ ur wailing comin’ from the tree tops. Locals who live nearby thinkin’ maybe the Pukwudgie is close by doin’ a bit of swift traveling.”
“And what is the Pukwudgie, pray?” I asked a bit irritated because I could not prevent that sudden shiver of the nerves when I mentioned the word itself. I knew I was close upon the man’s terror and the cause of it.
“Jus’ an ol’ wives tale they use to tell around campfires in lumber camps back when I was a boy. Nothin’ but what those lousy fellars believes when they been hittin’ the whiskey bottle too hard. A sort of great animal dat lives up yonder.” He said jerking his head northwards, “Quicker than lightening in its tracks, smaller than most that lives in the bush but is said to be very dangerous, and ain’t supposed to be too good to look at is all.” The ol’ timer sighed, this time sounding a bit flustered and took out a pack of Rothman Royals from his blouse pocket. He packed them, took one out and put it between his lips. He continued to speak while he searched for his lighter.
“Don’t let em catch you, son. If it does it’ll split you open from mouth to anus and wear your skin like a raincoat.”
I tittered at his remarks, thinking this was child’s play the ol’ timer should have grown out of years ago. For a moment nothing else was said, I just looked at the old man contemplating whether he was a gifted liar or whether he had a few marbles rolling around upstairs. He found his lighter, lit the end portion and drew deeply on it.
“I’ve heard it all before and I must say all of it is more farfetched than I could have imagined.”
I continued snickering but the ol’ timer just stood there not amused by my lack of seriousness.
“Maybe it is.” he said. I could tell by the look on his face that none of my previous experiences would tread water against what lied in store for me. “But I’ve lived here since it was jus’ flatland and dirt roads and in that time I’ve learned to keep an open mind.”
I nodded at his remark; accepting him for what he may believe is living or not living in those woods.
“You still intend on goin’, donchya?”
“I do.” I replied.
“I can see dere’s nothin’ I can say that’ll change yer mind.”
“Listen carefully, son.” said the ol’ timer “Stay on the trail, no matta what do not float off da path, or else you’ll be lost in dose woods an’ neva be found.”
I could not take his warning seriously. These woods were not as vast as they once were; the forest couldn’t be more than fifty or sixty miles in size. It seemed very difficult to get yourself lost in there for all eternity.
“And stay away from Hockomock swamp. Da mist and da marsh can tinker wit’ your mind.”
I had heard rumors about Hockomock swamp; people around these parts refer to it as “The Devil’s Swamp”.
“I’ll wait here at dis counter till sundown. If you don’t walk thru dat door.” he said pointing his crooked finger to the doorway I entered, “I’m callin’ the police chief and tell ‘em we got owselves anotha transient who went stickin’ his nose where it doesn’t belong.”
“I hear ya, ol’ timer.” I replied, “I promise, I’ll be out of those woods and on the road again before dusk.” but ol’ Mr. Wright did not believe a word of it; he just stared at me with the stone-cold, hazel eyes of his. As I walked out the door and back toward my car the two men continued on with the conversation as I left.
“You had no business lettin’ em go.” said the other man across the room.
“Dere was nothin’ stoppin’ him from goin’.” Mr. Wright replied, “This is somethin’ he’ll need to figure out on his own.” he drew deep on his cigarette and held it for a moment or two, as he exhaled an opaque cloud of smoke wafted across the room.
“Boy’s really brave, really stupid or really ignorant or all of de above.” Wright said.
“I’d go wit’ option D.” the other man replied, “Typical millennial generation, am I right?” and giggled at his response. Ol’ Wright looked over at the other man stacking cans of pickled okra and smiled a bit but he did not laugh. Ol’ Wright just stood leaned over on the counter looking like he was coming down with a fever. In his eyes you could see the fear looming inside of him. That maybe the las’ anyone will see of dat boy he thought to himself.
What kinda of fool did he take me for? I asked myself, what a load shit that was.
“The Pukwudgie?” I asked, just the way it rolled off of my tongue sounded wacky.
A few more minutes in that place and I would’ve turned crazy like Casey Anthony.
As I turned off onto an unpaved side road a metal frame sign was posted up at the intersection, it read “Copicut Road”. The ground was eroded and still laved by the runoff from the rainfall the night before. The placid water splashed my windshields leaving my field of sight veiled with an accumulation of lumpy, mush. I continued driving, passing the occasional pick-up truck veered off to the side of the road and even a group of hikers marching along both sides of the road in staggered formation; it reminded me of an army ruck march. Make sure you’re careful and make sure you wear your neon strap around your backpack, its turkey and pheasant season, those woods will be teemin’ with hunters my granddad told me the night before. I wasn’t entirely sure what my reasons were for coming this far out of my way just to walk these trails, but I knew it had something to do with Brian. I needed closure and I knew I would not find that anywhere close to home, but what would I be proving by traveling out here.
3:26 PM
I found a spot that looked rather promising. I parked my car off to the side of the road and loaded my backpack. Last minute accountability check, a roast beef sandwich, two Special- K pastry bars, two tangerines, a banana, a bottle of water, a bottle of PowerAde, a nutrigrain bar, a flash light (with a spare set of batteries), a spare pair of socks, my vanguard buck knife which I strapped to my belt for easy access, a portable med-kit with a cylindrical canister of Rawleigh antiseptic salve I bought at the market. Lastly there was my Smith & Wesson .38 Snubnose revolver, or as the golden agers liked to call “a lemon-squeezer”. While at the time I was not swayed by Mr. Wright’s outlandish ghost stories, I was still not one who liked to venture out on his own without a contingency plan. What’s that old sayin’? The pessimist looks down and hits his head, while the optimist looks up and loses his footing, and the realist looks forward and adjusts his path accordingly.
I took the revolver and tucked it into my back waistband for quick access purposes.
I looked and saw the marker sign hammered to a tree trunk, it read “Hathaway trail”. There was no ulterior motive behind my choice; I just felt I was far enough away from people now and I could be with just myself. I started meandering down the trail’s long path. I looked up and saw the crisp, copper leaves on the trees; they swayed back and forth in the autumn wind, my cheeks were flush red by the harsh cold, but it did not trouble me in the least bit. At last I thought, peace and quiet.
Hours go by and nothing thus far. I was beginning to think I was right about ol’ Mr. Wright being off his rocker. The forest was content; all except for the just barely audible noise of cars on the highway, meaning I wasn’t entirely cut off from civilization. The clouds lingered overhead like schooners, sailing slowly above me, trailing their shadows like wakes. I came across an old ‘58 Plymouth Fury with most of its original character despite its rusted exterior. The vehicle’s naturally red exterior was scorched by decades of rust, its corroded color was like carnelian or perhaps more like red velvet cake. What was once an extravagant piece of luxury was now just a piece of scenery reclaimed by nature and completely buried in foliage and pine straw.
I then noticed something, it didn’t mean anything at first, but it struck me as being out-of-place. It sounded like a tree branch snapping. Not a light snap, but more of a heavy break like something forcing its weight down on top of the fallen limb. I looked over my shoulder and listened for a moment or two, there was nothing after that. Perhaps it was just another hiker, or an animal passing by but it sounded too heavy to be anything small like a possum, or a raccoon. It had to be something fairly large, but I did not let that idea hang around in my mind for too long.
I proceeded walking for a little while longer then made haven on a broad table of rock that was positioned up a steep slope overlooking the lower basin. I could not see very much as the trees and undergrowth obstructed my view. Black bear and white-tailed deer once roamed this valley many decades ago. Nowadays, the black bear population had been depleted due to excess hunting and while white-tailed deer were still native to this valley and places west of here, they were scarcer due to mankind’s yearning for ownership of land. Places this far east were mostly colonized, so moments like these in places like this were in short supply these days.
I unlatched my bag and took out the bottle of water. By the time I was done sipping the bottle I had managed to drink nearly three quarters of it. I then proceeded to eat one of the tangerines, the nutrigrain bar and one of the Special-K bars I brought along with me. I was about ready to eat my sandwich when I decided my appetite wasn’t quite there yet. I rested my head against a slab of rock that protruded out of the hilltop. I leaned back and shut my eyes for a little; I wanted to catch my breath before I continued on. I set the timer on my phone to wake me in about fifteen minutes. I closed my eyes and then I awoke to the sound of my alarm going off. The birds in the trees still sang confidently, the crows were cawing in a vexatious manner and I felt as if I had just shut my eyes a few moments ago, but that was just a natural feeling people have when they’re tired. While it was tempting to stay in that area for a little while longer and go on sleeping like Rip Van Winkle I had places to be right then. I brushed myself off, shouldered my bag and continued walking.
I’d been walking for a long time, by then I had explored those woods for hours searching for anything to substantiate its reputation for an unholy ambiance. Soon enough I came across an open field sheathed with what appeared to be barberry bushes, but I was not entirely certain. The crimson color reminded me of a burning field painting by a woman named Karin Goeppert. I’d seen the painting once before hanging at the Mount Holyoke art museum. Its vastness and ashy, murky colors were mesmerizing. It felt like there was some unknown force inside of me telling me to go take a walk. The next thing I knew I was off the path and into the field of barberry bushes.
Walking along, taking in all its beauty and splendor. Then again my journey was interrupted; I heard what sounded like footfalls moving just up ahead in front of me. It didn’t sound like chipmunks. No, whatever this was it was much too large to be any small game. A buck maybe, or a coyote perhaps, but it sounded like bare feet galloping across the grubby forest floor. Something was definitely moving out there-something big. The sound seemed to be emanating from the cover of tree branches about twenty yards ahead of me. I could not see anything as the long tree trunks and branches thwarted me view. The trees were covered in dim shadows allowing the interloper to move about unseen. I stood frozen to the ground for a minute, waiting, listening, and watching. Whatever it was, I was beyond certain it was still there and it was still watching me; hunkered down to the ground, staring at me with great intent. I slowly moved my hand back towards where my .38 was posted. I wrapped my fingers around the warm, leather grip, tinkering with the hammer on its backside. I waited another moment till finally I drew the pistol out and fired one round into the air. The crash of the bullet cleared my ear drums and sounded like a rocket launch. I heard it again; the interloper was now moving away from me, each passing second it retreated farther and farther back into the forest.
I stood there for a minute listening to the sounds of its footfalls against the underbrush and falling tree branches. Whatever it was its gone now I thought to myself. But what if it comes back? A wary voice in my head asked me. If it comes back, then next time I won’t shoot up…
4:55 PM
The sun was now falling over the Appalachian Mountains; I was walking up a steep slope. The trails were swathed with trash; Starbucks Styrofoam coffee cups, bags of Lays potato chips, Doritos, Fritos and candy wrappers. There was graffiti on some of the rocks that jutted out of the hillside; some rather insightful and some rather cliché. One piece of scripture that stood out to me was a message on a boulder embedded into the hillside that read…
WE ARE
INFINITE
I could not help but laugh out loud; I thought it was sort of an impractical thing to write, kids will say anything to sound insightful these days. While the quote was very ambiguous
I had my ideas as to what the writer was projecting to his readers. Kids these days thinking there was nothing they could not achieve; that they were limitless, impossible to measure. It was all just a load of rubbish, nothing in this world lasts forever and nothing in this world is perfect (I should know that better than most people) but I digress.
I walked along listening to the sounds of the birds on the tree tops, the crickets were itching their legs into an autumn humming, and frogs were throat swollen like ladies with goiters shouting up into the evening sky and the occasional rattling pitch of a woodpecker. Then suddenly, I felt coldness in my veins. A loud wailing sound from up ahead, as soon as I heard it I teared up, consider me “pussy” but I knew something was approaching from uphill. Not an animal or a person but a sound that seemed rather distant but was closing in fast. It was moving so fast that I would expect to see the origin of it at any moment. There was no grotesque shape or large unthought-of beast, but instead a maniacal laughter flew down the hillside in frenzied cycles. I could hear the voice on the wind calling my name, it was so close now and I feel as if the origin of the laughter was without form, no embodiment to call home, just a loud and sharp voice that might make an incriminating shadow along the seam of my pants. I listened to the sound as it moved all around me. The wind began to pick up speed; heaps of leaves drew out from the forest and flew right past me. The revolver tucked into my back belt loop felt useless now. The voice rose and fell into a guttural, chuckling before it faded out all together. In that moment I felt as if I had just seen (or heard was perhaps the more suitable way to describe it) a poltergeist.
The cold laughter was gone and the monotonous whine of the wind returned. I struggled as a wad of spit lodged itself in my throat, my chest rose in jagged cycles as I forced out a murky, yellow wad of lung butter onto the rocky surface. I stood staring stolidly into the abyss of the woods asking myself what it was that I just saw happen. Then I decided to not to let ol’ man Wright’s fairytales get the best of me.
“A loon,” I said, “just a loon…”
A loon, a voice inside my head asked me, at this time of year?
“Yeah…” I whispered; just a flock of them on their annual migration south to the Carolina’s or Georgia maybe.
The sky was painted with mahogany, orange and purple as the sun drowned in the horizon, the clouds held the promise of a calm and peaceful night. It’s time I start headin’ back.
I looked down at my wrist watch and doubled back for a second when I realized the time was incorrect. My watch said 3: 25 PM but there was no way that could be true. Damn things broken again I told myself. But I didn’t falter, I reached for my phone in my back pocket, unfortunately I was all out of juice there, just one problem after the other. I was a man in the woods without any way of telling time or any form of communication. No matter, I’ll just double back the way I came and eventually I should hit the main road, easy-peazy-lemon-squeezy.
I was nowhere closer to where I’d parked my car. Everything looked the same; the night sky loomed in the far distance. My heart ached when I realized I had not seen any mile markers, or any sign of people for at least an hour. I found myself inadvertently peering back over my shoulder from time to time, as if I’d hoped to find a man in a black hood and cassock standing behind me. After all, the ol’ timer mentioned the devil’s pawns occupied these here woods. Had there been any, surely I would have seen them by now, wouldn’t I? A million follow-up questions grazed across mind. My brain was so rattled that I couldn’t tell which way was up and which way was down. I stopped on the trail just for a sec; I unstrapped my sack and began to dig through it. A large word in neon red letters lit inside my mind at this point, the word was Eureka! I’d found the flashlight I’d brought with me. I turned it on; its radiance exceeded my expectations. I proceeded down the slope, the forest was now without sound, and while it struck me as being odd, it didn’t put a damper on my confidence. I was still not convinced there was anything supernatural going on in Freetown forest.
I was worried but I’d remembered looking at a map before I came out here and on that map I remembered there was a brook somewhere nearby, Rattlesnake Brook. The thing I remembered most from survival training in the army was if you ever find yourself lost in the woods and do not have access to a compass, a map, a protractor or a pencil then search for running water. Running water always leads to the ocean, where there is ocean there is civilization, and where there is civilization there is people. I felt as if my confidence was restored. Shouldn’t be too hard to find, all I have to do is be patient and listen for running water, I thought to myself.
My field of vision grew dim and I was losing the light quickly. Then I heard something, something I felt I should not hear this far out in the woods. It sounded like laughter, like a child’s laughter. I turned and did a one-eighty spin. Where was it coming from? I asked myself.
“Is someone there?” I called out shyly, but no one replied.
Then just up ahead something entered my peripheral vision, a blurry mix of grey and white ran from one side of the path to the other. It moved on all fours like a chimp, but the thing I remembered definitively about it were just three bony fingers on each hand passing through the bush. I’d never seen my own two feet work like they did that day; I began sprinting in the opposite direction howling with uncontrollable fright. I went off the trail and started fumbling through the tree branches and thorn bushes. I did my best to keep my speed on pace, I was moving faster than an old maid trying to catch the bridal bouquet. As the brush thickened I soon couldn’t tell which direction I was running now. My pant leg got caught only for a moment or two, but I managed to shimmy myself free and kept on moving.
I saw an opening just up ahead where the darkened sky peered down on top of me. I jolted through those bushes and leaped out into the open, but when I realized I was not standing in a field, my heart sank. I felt as if I’d stepped in some runoff from a sewage pipe. The stench hit me first, the mixture of something rotten and something dead. I’d realized I had stepped into a bog; the mist draped itself around my knees, the ground was loose and moist. My feet had sunken maybe ten inches into the loose, grime ridden earth. I struggled to lift my ankles out from the mud; a loud suction noise followed by an outward rupture of mire and grunge as I pulled my feet free from the earth’s clasp. I lost my balance only for a moment, but it was enough to send me tumbling backwards into the tree line. I felt like a bottle of suds that was shook too hard. I felt as if my mind fabricated everything out of thin air, sheer desperation or another part of me that took pleasure in watching me struggle; feeding off my anxiety. There was no more containing it, I was frightened and I was lost.
“GOD DAMNIT!” I yelled, “Owe Jesus find me in the Alps. What do you want from me?!”
It wasn’t until afterwards I’d discovered I had stepped into Hockomock swamp. Something overcame me, I felt fatigued all of a sudden, as if I’d just ran the Boston Marathon. My eyesight doubled, I shook my head trying hard not to pass out. A regiment of black moths clouded my vision; I could feel myself beginning to tip backwards. My stomach felt bilious, this was a fight between me and my stomach and I was losing badly. Remember what the ol’ timer said, the mist and the marsh tinkers with your mind. I had to get out of that place and quickly, had I stayed there any longer I would have fainted and fallen face first into the marsh and would be a late night snack for whatever came passing by. I turned back and tried to find my bearings, but I froze when I saw it.
“The Hell is that?” I asked myself. An animal My conscience replied. The thing was tangled in the weeds and the forest’s undergrowth. I moved cautiously towards it. It’s dead. It was a deer at one point, but now it was just a memory. It was split open like a piñata; its face was half-gone, a whole section was torn out from its chest, its ribs were picked clean, its entrails lay on the ground partly eaten, the blood was hardened and black like a woodchuck’s asshole. Its eyes…What happened to its eyes? I thought. In the place where its eyes should have been were two vacant, black holes. It took its eyes. This wasn’t hunger, this wasn’t instinct this was…rage a raspy voice in my head replied.
Abomination was the first word that came to mind. Only something so horrible could do something so evil. Then I began contemplating what might have actually been the wrongdoer in this act. A coyote I considered it for a minute, but I knew right away I was wrong. No, not a coyote, coyotes don’t do this; A lynx if large enough, perhaps? Then I heard an indistinct voice join in the conversation. It was a voice I had no association with before in my life. The voice sounded prim and proper with an icy undertone that was overflowing with pique. You know what did this…the cold voice replied. It’s been watching you…
“There’s no such thing as a Pukwudgie…” I said and would continue to repeat to myself over and over and over and over again.
Must we play games, my inquisitive friend? We both know you are just lying to yourself the voice said tauntingly. It takes their eyes so no one has to bear witness to its revolting appearance.
“Why don’t you just piss off already?” I said now trying to shoo away the voice.
Just like that it left, did not put up much of a fight. Perhaps my frustration was enough to drive it off, but it would be back, that much I was certain. It would let me win this round, but it would be back.
Beside the animal’s remains in the marsh I saw what appeared to be deep impressions like something on all fours had bolted off. They proceeded northward in the opposite direction from which I’d come. Whatever it was it’s since moved on elsewhere. Lord knows whatever mauled this deer may come back. Let the meats ripen some more before it comes back and finishes the leftovers. The sun was almost entirely gone now and I was still no closer to finding my way out of this forsaken place. As I moved further and further away from the marsh I felt my vision begin to restore itself. The mesh of knots in my stomach vanished but I did not feel well again for in the back of my mind I knew something was with me back there in the bog, I could not shake the feeling that I was under surveillance, that something was watching me carefully from the trees.
I’d managed to find my way back onto one of the trails, but with there being very little daylight leftover from the afternoon I could not tell if I was going the right way (back towards the road) or the wrong way (further into the forest). My light flickered a time or two, the batteries were beginning to die but I was in no real danger of losing the light just yet for I was wary enough to purchase an extra set of batteries back at the Main Street market before coming into these woods. It may have been the best decision I had made thus far in my day, or possibly the remainder of my life I thought to myself.
I stopped along the trail, when I moved away from my mind and took a moment to listen to the sound of the woods. I was startled when I realized there was no sound. The sound of the birds in the tree branches were gone as well as the delicate movement of squirrels and chipmunks moving in the bushes. To the untrained eye (or ear) that seemed like nothing, but to a man such as me, nature does not go quiet unless there was something foreboding nearby. I opened the cylinder to my .38 and checked to make sure I got a good count on the number of rounds I had left. Four unused rounds still loaded in the cylinder along five more spares I had tucked away in my front, right pocket. I closed the cylinder and held the gun at the low and ready. I kept my finger outside the trigger guard; I did not want to risk startling myself and inadvertently waste a round. I had only nine casings left so I had to make them count. I lifted the flashlight and pointed it ahead. Then to the trail behind me something moved. I whirled around with the flashlight pointed down the trail and the revolver this time up and at the ready with my finger wrapped over the trigger. I was caught off guard by a man standing in the middle of the path about ten yards back. His arms were folded; he wore a long, black cassock and a hood like those satanic cultists ol’ Wright talked about. Was this one of ‘em, I asked myself, is this one of the cultists Mr. Wright spoke of?
“WHO ARE YOU?!” I yelled. The man did not reply he just stood there staring at me unresponsively through the black hood.
“SHOW YOURSELF!” I demanded, “LET ME SEE YOUR FACE!” I was now blaring orders at my concealed visitor. The man did not step forward nor did he speak, he merely withdrew his pale, white hands from the sleeves of his cassock and pulled back the cover from his face. When I finally saw what lied beneath the hood, the hand which wielded the revolver fell to my side. What I saw beneath the hood was something I could not fathom. It was the face of my deceased brother, Brian.
“It can’t be?”I whispered. The man in the cassock said nothing; he just continued staring at me.
“But I saw you die…” I said to the man. The woods was silent, the light in the sky was now gone and turned to a perpetual grey. The gentle wind blew up piles of leaves in dancing dervishes.
“WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!” my voice was no longer demanding but was enraged. “YOU CAN’T BE HIM! SO TELL ME WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!”
Finally the man in the cassock spoke, not with the same voice as my late brother but with the same cold voice that had spoken to me earlier in the back of my mind, “I am the Keeper of this place…”the voice was just as prim and proper as before but it did not sound so hateful like before. “I’ve lived in these woods for a very long time…”
“Why do you look like my brother?” I asked.
“I had to take the shape of someone you knew, I can appear as others if you’d like?” said the man in the cassock.
“Don’t…” I replied. While it was rather difficult to see his face again, it did me some good seeing him in good health and without the sickish, yellow tinge he wore on his skin in his final days.
“What do you want with me? Are you the reason I am lost?” I asked.
“I have not nor have I been responsible for any such ill-will acts.” the man replied. “As you’ve seen, I am not the only one who dwells within these woods. I am how you might say the warden here, the custodian, the curator, the guardian or just simply the keeper of the woods.” The man in cassock said in resentful tone. “There are other spiteful specters that live in these woods. You should’ve listened to the ol’ timer…this place is cursed.” I felt as if I were on the verge of crying, but my pride was every bit as important to me as the life which I held dearly to right then. Whether this man was real or not, balling in front of others was truly degrading in my opinion; I could not remember the last time I cried in front of others, not since I was young was my supposition. Not at the wake or the funeral or any other event following, or even that night when the pain hurt the most.
“That is what brought you here. Whether you believe in them or not you came here because of the reputation this forest holds. You may say that it is all rubbish, but before you answer that remember who you are speaking to.”
While I wanted to deny his claims, I could not lie to the man in the cassock; if he truly was what he says he was then lying to him would be as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
“I wanted to see if the myths were real or not…” I said in a husky, whining whisper, “I just wanted proof that there was something after this life, but-”
“But you did not anticipate your speculations would be true?” the man interjected.
I breathed deeply then asked the man, “What is it…The thing in the woods, the thing that’s been stalking me?”
The man in the cassock stared phlegmatically at me for a moment or two then he replied,
“It was once human…” I felt my heart skip a beat when he spoke. The thought of whatever it was out there and the thought that it was once a human frightened me dearly. “Now it is just a thing in the woods.”
“Will it kill me?” I asked now feeling like I was on the brink of falling onto the cold, dirt path and begin crying.
“Perhaps…” the man said questionably, as if he was not sure what the answer was himself.
“Is there any hope for me?”
“Perhaps…”
“Dammit is that all you can say to me?!”
The man did not reply this time, he just continued staring at me intently. Everything went quiet again for a minute then he began to speak.
“Why have you not visited him?”
“What?”
“Your brother’s grave, you have not visited him since his funeral.”
“Is this why you’re here? You’re here to chastise me?”
“No…” the man replied. “I simply want your answer, and then I will decide.”
“Decide on what?” I asked. To this the man made no reply.
I looked at him till my face turned red, then I decided not to waste anymore time.
“I-I don’t know…” I said as if I was on the verge of tears. “I’ve asked myself that same question so many times and so many times I come back with nothing. I feel as if I am a bad person, how much can a person love someone when there are no tears worth shedding? Part of me resents myself because of it. I wished I had sobbed like a little boy at his funeral, I wished I could release all of this hate I should feel…but instead I feel like a hollow shell. Just an empty space on the inside…”
We stood for a moment without saying anything. “Now,” I replied. “Are you satisfied?” I asked the man in the cassock.
“Yes.” The man replied.
“Now tell me, what is your answer?”
The man went for the longest time without saying anything, I thought I would have to yell at the top of my lungs but finally he said to me. “No…” he replied.
“No?” I asked.
“My answer is no. I cannot help you.”
“But you said-”
“I said I would hear your story that does not mean I will be the one to help you. Whether you survive or not is not up to me, son. That is up to you.” He said pointing one pale finger toward me. “I can’t guarantee the beast will keep away or that the vengeful spirits of this place will stay at bay, but in the end the decision falls on you…”
The more I listened, the more I felt I was speaking to my brother again and not some manifestation of a man in a black cassock.
“What happens is between you and him…”
“Who?” I asked.
“Him…” he pointed towards the sky, I looked up anticipating that I’d find the answer above me, but all I could see was the dark, blue atmosphere. Then I realized what he’d meant.
“You’re talkin’ about the big man upstairs?”
“To me he has no name, he is simply just him.” I laughed at his response.
“The last time I spoke to him for a favor, my brother died…so I do my best to stay out of his way.”
“I understand your animosity; humans are always so vindictive when a tragedy befalls them.
The soul’s journey is one of grace and pure misery. The cosmos guides us and nurtures us, much like a loving parent…”
For a man who resembles a cultist he seems so gentle.
“But that parent knows the value of tough love. Often it leads us into a place that brings us suffering and where that suffering can deepen our wisdom. And it is perfectly willing to allow us to make irrational choices which can lead to unbearable outcomes. Do you understand what I mean, son?” I did not respond to his question though.
The Keeper of the woods I thought to myself.
I had so many questions I wanted to ask but the next thing I remember, I was laying against a tree trunk off to the side of the trail. It was just a dream I told myself. An hour maybe an hour and a half had gone by no doubt, the sky was pitch-black and my flashlight flickered more frequently than before. Before I proceeded with anything else I quickly took out the spare set of Duracell AA batteries and replaced the ones in my flashlight. I felt comforted by the idea that the man in the black cassock was never real; however, I was not fully convinced that it was a dream. For no matter how hard I tried I could not remember falling asleep. I could not remember resting, (hardly seemed like the right time for it) I could not remember any break in my consciousness and it didn’t feel like a dream, that was what worried me most.
Suddenly the stillness of the forest was shattered by the most uncommon of sounds; it came without warning or audible approach and ricochet through the pine tops. It was a voice no doubt, a voice that was almost human-gruff yet despondent. It was a soft roaring voice overhead in the trees rather than on the ground. The sound reminded me of the time my family and I went to the Southwick zoo and visited the lynx habitat, this voice in some way resembled the sounds of those creatures. The voice rang out in three distinct notes, and then all at once they vanished, the sound was cut off like a phonograph needle lifted from a recording. I spun around, my gun drawn pointing in every direction. These sounds were awful and made me want to curl up into a ball and wait for someone to come and save me; but no one would save me now, there was no else around but myself and the thing in the woods. A choked cry for help forced itself up into my throat, but nothing came out. The woods was preternaturally silent again but then a sound not like before came rushing from beside. A scrabbling noise followed by the rustle of dry brush, something was coming.
Run my mind told me. Run and keep runnin’ till you can’t run no more. So I did, I ran with all my might up the path’s steep slope. The sound was ringing in my ears, it was all around me, and it swarmed over me. My lungs were set afire by the exertion and my muscles began to ache and grind like cogs in an old machine. Till finally I could run no more; I could not stand upright, the weight of my bag in conjunction with the terrain tired me out more quickly than I had anticipated. That awful sound still rang in my ears like wind chimes, but wind chimes played a pleasant jingle, the sound of the beast was lamentable. Then a new sound followed the screeching, a loud and vile cackle. It was in the trees laughing manically, savoring in the moment, letting the meat mellow in fear before gorging on my flesh like a dog gnawing at a piece of steak.
The thing in the woods was catching up to me quickly; I tried to catch my breath and keep moving forward, unfortunately I did not notice the tree root jutting out of the ground at my feet. I put one foot forward then to my surprise the next thing I knew I was falling forward; my hands were flailing through the air as I tumbled over onto the gravel path. The pain was excruciating, my ankle was filled with fire and ice. It felt like a swarm of wasps was stinging me all at once. The thing climbed through the trees, I could see it hobbling forward like a man with a bad limp. My flashlight had fallen out of my reach and my pistol was lost somewhere in the dark now, I was vulnerable and I was unarmed. I picked up a stone and threw it into the brush hoping to strike the beast hard enough to drive it away but I missed. I scrabbled around searching for more stones; I continued chucking one after the other into the blackness. One after another missing my target, I ran out of stones to pitch, as they say I was out of ammo.
Then at length of the darkness, having thus laboriously conceived brought forth an obscure figure. It drew forth into the uncertain light where light and shadows mingled, not six feet away; then it halted and stared down at me. In an instant it started forward again with the spasmodic motions of a puppet being moved on wires. The thing couldn’t be more than three maybe three-and-a-half feet in height, its hands and its feet were unusually large for its body. Its skin was pale white like a ghost’s, its blackened teeth in broken stubs; they resembled old tombstones, it was mostly skin and bones but with a savage bundle of muscles in all the right places. I attempted to crawl away and build space between me and the thing but it stepped out from the brush and onto the trail. Its back right leg was gnarly, and misshapen. Clear signs of a gunshot wound probably from some hunters round which was unfortunate enough not to strike it through the heart.
“God in heaven…” I whispered.
I froze, I could not scream. I tried to bellow out a shout for help but nothing came up. It rushed forward at me; with the use of my left foot I booted it in the face. A fresh film of blood spat out the corner of its mouth. Now it was more riled than before. I tried bringing my foot forward again but it leaped on top of me. I could feel its icy fingers against my belly’s bare skin. I tried to wriggle myself free of its touch but it was stronger than it appeared. Its fingernails were long and uneven, they grazed against my skin before I felt a sharp penetration followed by the odd smell of iron and pennies and a warm runny matter trickling down my abdomen. Am I dying, I thought, is this how it ends for me? I felt its warm breath on my face and on the dip of my neck; this made my hairs stand on end. Its mouth began to open, with my one free hand I reached for my knife. I ripped the blade from its sheath and brought it forward into its left thigh, blood flew all over. Its blood was different, some kind of dark matter, somber grey like an overcast sky and thick as molasses in December.
The gun was too far out of my reach. I forced myself to flip over onto my stomach; the thing in the woods mounted my back and began tearing away the fabric and Velcro of my bag. The violent thrashing as it dragged me across the ground; the straps of my bag were torn from my shoulders. But its interest was not in me but the bag, it searched through every crevice, every compartment, as if it were searching for something in particular; till finally it pulled out a small, translucent, plastic bag. It was the sandwich I had packed for my trip.
The meat! A voice in my head cried.
This was my only chance. It took the bag in both hands covetously and began tearing the meat and spitting out all the nonessentials. I scrambled for the gun searching all over for it. I could hear its blunt teeth rip into the meat; the sounds of frenzied feeding and the appearance of the abomination behind me reminded me of George A. Romeo’s fright fest film, Night of the Living Dead. I could hear strangled cries of people in my head, the smell of the decaying flesh in my nostrils and I could see the mangled bodies of victims all over the ground. The sound of my heartbeat in my ears was like thrumming wings of a caged bird; I yearned for the cold, metallic cylinder of the weapon, praying for the feel of it somewhere. Next thing I knew the thing was on me again.
I could not fight back so well due to my ankle; it pulled me back towards it with one strong hand, it would paint the forest red with my blood. I cried out, screaming till my voice grew hoarse. My arms out by my sides looking for anything to grab hold of. That’s when I felt it, the cold, steel barrel of the revolver. With one last surge of energy I forced the animal back and scrambled for my weapon. It came back at me, this time standing on two legs like a man, arms fanned out like a scarecrow and that despicable cackle of it was the last thing I heard before the sound of the woods was replaced by the thunderous boom and an ear shattering crack like lighting with a bright orange, red and blue blaze that lit the air. That ungodly scream, I did not hesitate, I fired two more rounds. In the wake of the light I saw the animal driven backwards into the tree line. It cried out in agony, the sound of its scream was almost human. I wanted to shut it out, to cover my ears and wait for it to stop but I would not be able to no matter how hard I tried; I could not erase that sound from my memory. I waited; my field of vision was clouded by blue, red and yellow blemishes. I listened to the sound of its feet on the dry forest floor, moving farther and farther away until the sound was subdued by the chirp of crickets. I didn’t kill it, I just drove it away. I drove it away just as God drove away Adam and Eve from the Garden of Eden.
The gash on my belly was not as deep as I had imagined, but the sight of the blood was nauseating. I took out the med-kit from my bag, I smeared the wound with Rawleigh salve and put some gauze over the wound and wrapped it with a bandage. I did not want to spend any more time than I needed there. I picked up my flashlight and my .38 and moved on. The beast was gone but I angered it.
Time went by like it did before and like it would do so after. I remembered the throbbing pain in my ankle worsened the more I moved it. That pain was so intense it threatened to obliterate all thought. Sometime a half-hour later as I came to the top of a steep slope I felt as if a stone tablet had been lifted from my heart. Twenty maybe thirty yards ahead of me I saw a road gate and beyond that was asphalt surface. Civilization! I chanted in my head.
I moved as fast as my body would allow me to. The agonizing pain pulsating through my joints and my muscles fired on all cylinders. As I got closer to the gate I felt my body grow stiff again. I stopped just a few feet away from the threshold of the forest. I looked back and standing just ten feet behind me in the center of the trail was the man in the black cassock. I was not sleeping this time (this time I knew for sure). His hood was pulled back, his brow was furrowed and his lips were pursed. He was smiling; so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness, just like how Brian use to. On this face, it was a sign of bliss. My throat got dry, and my chest felt light. I turned my back on the man in the cassock as my eyes welled with tears, I tried sniffing discretely when I realized that a great passage of my life had come and gone. I did not cry then, but I would cry now.
“I loved you, Brian.” I said aloud.
Then I began walking towards the road. I walked until the man in cassock was recaptured by the darkness of the forest.
The End
CREDIT : Connor Scott
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

We were all there that day. The day they released him. Me and Kent, Bonnie and Simon, Nora and Anthony, Dustin and Patrick, and Darlene. We didn’t bring the kids. I think it was Nora’s idea to leave them at home. And it was Patrick’s idea to go watch the release. Chad Lamb strode from the prison, wearing the smirk that had won us over six long years ago. He stopped at the gate, spotting us. Dustin waved. Darlene raised a finger to her throat and slowly dragged it across in the classic execution motion. Lamb scowled, exited the gate, and turned west, heading for the bus stop. There was an empty lot across from the prison where we waited by our cars. Lamb, I was happy to see, continuously checked over his shoulder as we watched him walk away. He wasn’t afraid, but he was cautious. When he disappeared from view, Nora said flatly, “It’s time. We need to go to her now.”
Three years ago, the kids had started having nightmares. They woke up crying, but would refuse to say why. They’d started making up excuse to avoid going to school. And they’d reacted with fear around Mr. Lamb, their charming, engaging new teacher. Finally, over the summer, Patrick and Dustin had taken their adopted daughter Yuan to a consular, who’d convinced her to open up. Lamb had touched her. Had touched several other students. With a little more pressing, Yuan gave a few more names. Dustin and Patrick had gone to their parents, gone to us. It was hard. I didn’t want to believe it, but Stan had been so scared. He’d evaded us, refused to answer the questions at first, but finally broke down. He’d been convinced he’d get in trouble. So had Violet, Eddie, and the twins Tyler and Beatrice. Lamb had done a real number on them. The police had been wonderful. Slowly, gradually, the children built up their courage to testify. My stomach twisted as I recalled Violet breaking down in tears on the stand in court. Poor, sweet Violet. Then again, Violet wasn’t sweet anymore. She went from a shy, helpless seven year old victim to a ten year old black belt with a mean streak. Six year old Kayla had the meanest, toughest sister in school. If only Beatrice had been so strong. Once again, I thanked God it hadn’t been my Stan. Then felt horrible for the thought. I heard the car stop, and looked up. We were in front of her shop. I could see the other parents waiting in front of the emerald door. “Come on.” Kent said wearily. “She hates it when we’re late for our appointments.”
The shop was crowded with books, animal bones, statues of gods and fairies, strings of strange plants, and several ancient weapons. The glass counter at the back separated the public shop from the private meeting room. Darlene trudged to the counter and hit the bell once. A black curtain, emblazoned with purple eyes, was pulled aside, revealing Coda. “Heya parentals! Today’s the day, ain’t it!” Coda was always cheerful, no matter what. He had long, sharp teeth, and nails to match, with eyes as yellow as candle flames. If I’d cared, I might have wondered what he was. The boy wasn’t human. She had confirmed that. “I’ll get The Bone Woman, ‘kay?” Coda offered, disappearing back behind the curtain. “Come on!” He called, and we followed. As we always had. Nora had found her. I never asked how. The Bone Woman’s might had been proven to me, and her effectiveness was all that mattered to me. We each took our usual seats around The Bone Woman’s table, and waited. Eventually, Coda returned, leading his master by the hand. The Bone Woman’s glass eyes gazed sightlessly over us as Coda gently helped her into her massive, throne like armchair. She had a thick book, bound in a shining white material. We’d seen the book before. She’d shown it to us the first time we’d visited her. The Caligo Veneficus. The Darkest Magic. One of only thirteen in the world. Bound in the flesh of a murdered priest, the stitching done in human hair, taken from a mother who died in childbirth, and the ink it was written in mixed with the blood of a hanged man. “Are you sure?” She asked, breaking the silence. “We’re sure.” We said in unison. She nodded grimly, flipping the book open to a page near the center. The Iratus Motuus. The Angry Dead. Nora and Anthony looked grim and determined. Bonnie put her hand on Nora’s shoulder. “Are you sure, honey? Completely sure?”
“This is the only way to put things right.” Anthony said, and Nora nodded. The Bone Woman shooed Coda away. “I will need the item.” She said as he left. Nora reached into her pocket, and removed a silver necklace. A heart shaped chunk of aquamarine winked cheerfully in the fire and candle light. Anthony swallowed, tears in his eyes, as soon as he saw the necklace. I remembered that necklace. Beatrice’s favorite. She’d been wearing it even when they found her in her room, hanged by her belt. A news article proclaiming Chad Lamb’s coming release from prison clutched in her hand. Nora regretfully handed the jewelry to The Bone Woman. The shaman took it, inspected it, and nodded. “Her soul has left a mark upon this object. It will work. It will call to her.” Coda came back, holding several bottles, cans, and herbs. He dropped these unceremoniously onto the table, and then turned to a shelf in the room, fetching a brass pot from it. He set this on the table too, and vanished again.
As we watched in silence, The Bone Woman went to work. She seemed to not need eyes to identify what was what. She seized a decanter of dark, red wine, pouring it into the pot, and began to chant. Three yellow rose blossoms, a pinch of salt, seven rabbit bones, a lock of red human hair, a handful of grave yard dirt, snake fangs, on and on and on. The brew began to smoke and steam without being boiled, and The Bone Woman’s chanting grew faster and louder. I heard Beatrice’s name sprinkled in the foreign chant. Lamb’s name as well. Finally, she reached the finally stage of it. “Arise, my child, arise, arise, arise! Your killer now walks free, and justice has done not its duty. The time of justice is gone, now comes vengeance. Arise, my child, arise, arise, arise!” There was a burst of sound, and lavender smoke poured from the pot, filling the room and blinding us. A tortured, horrified scream split the air.
The smoke cleared, and The Bone Woman looked at us gravely. “It is done. She shall be waiting for you at the agreed upon place. Go to her. But, Nora, Anthony, be warned. This is not your daughter. This is an instrument of revenge and unholy justice. Remember that.”
The coffin stank. And the body was disgusting. Why did she get this gig? She’d wanted a fresh corpse. The body slowly reassembled, stitching itself back together via the Shamaness’ dark magic. The Bone Woman. Ah. Her. One of the strongest. Soon, the hands were fully reformed, and she’d slammed upwards, tearing open the coffin’s cherry wood lid. She pushed up, up, up, through the soft, icy Earth, and into the midnight air. The throat fixed itself, and she gulped down oxygen. She didn’t need it, but it felt nice for the body. She pulled herself up, settling her feet on the frosty grass. She knew where to go. She rolled her still repairing shoulders, and walked. Heading for the iron gates, down the dirt road, towards an abandoned barn that her master had ordered her to proceed to. “They, shall, be, waiting.” He rumbled.
The white dress was tattered, torn, the lace slightly yellowed. She’d lost a shoe on the trip up, and the another on the walk down the hill the grave was on. It was two hours to the barn, and the legs were stiff. The arms swung limping, the feet shuffling and shambling. It grew to be too much effort to keep the mouth closed, and she let it fall open, the tongue lolling out. She felt restless. She wanted to rip, tear, kill, devour. She wanted to get the job over with and go home to the fiery, sulfur-scented fields of home. The crumbling barn appeared, and she vaguely spotted several cars parked. She grimaced. Damn. Late. As she approached, she heard shouting. “The damn witch cheated us! Nothing’s here! God damn it Nora, how could you—“ She got to the door, reached up, and ripped it open. Nine living humans looked over at her, startled. One of them took a hesitant step forward. “Be-Beatrice?” The human whispered. She said nothing. Only a raspy moan for an answer.
The human drew back, gathering together, whispering. “What did she say for us to do?”
“Uh…We send her to Lamb, I think. Yeah.”
“Okay, okay.” They broke apart, and another one approached. “Es…es vos iratus…mortuus?” He fumbled out uncertainly. His Latin was awful, but she nodded once. She pulled back the blackened lips, showing the sharp teeth granted by the spell. She held up the hands, the black, claw like nails casting shadows. She gave another raspy, hungry moan, and one of the humans burst into tears. “Send her away, send her away.” She wailed. The one before her pointed back out into the night. “Chad Lamb.” He said firmly. “5831 Carmen Lane. Soon. Within a week. Understood?” She nodded, moaned, and turned, shambling away. Some instinct, evolved from the earliest days of her people, led her back outside, towards town. She did not run. She had time. So much time.
She took back roads, moving like a shadow through trees and backyards, quickly approaching Lamb’s house. She got hungrier with every step. She needed to eat! Good, she was sure the nose was picking up his scent. Finally, thank you high dark master, there was the house. There was her meal.
Chad was still up. On his computer, surfing his ‘special’ sites. Thank God that the American government still hadn’t started monitoring what registered sex offenders looked up on the web. He was so engrossed in a newly posted video, that he didn’t hear the back door open. Nor did he hear the sound of dirty, cold feet padded across his kitchen floor, through his front hall, up his stairs, down his hall, stopping in front of his closed office. He did finally hear the office door open, and looked up. “WHAT IN THE HELL??!!” Beatrice Mastin was standing in his doorway, standing in at him with puffy, sticky eyes. She smiled at him, her dirt stained fangs filling her mouth. She shuffled through the door, holding out her arms, curling her claws in and out. Chad fell off his chair, his pants around his ankles, scrambling backwards, until her ran into the far wall. Beatrice reached him, and stopped, staring down at him.
The girl, from far away in another world, asked her to say something, and she complied. After all, fear made the meat taste better. “I’m hungry, Mr. Lamb.” The man’s screams were almost as sweet as his skin.
Credit To: I live in your closet
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

I never wanted to reveal my story, but it has to be done. It’s been so long, and nobody’s known. But now I confide in you, the reader, to read my story, and attempt to comprehend the horrors I experienced. My fingers stutter and shake and tears cascade down my cheeks as I try to type this. But I warn you now, what you are reading cannot be unread.
It was just an ordinary night in my apartment. I was tired, the days at the office had been so stressful lately, and I looked forward to the quiet release of sleep. It always seemed to make everything better.
But this night was different.
The wind seemed ominous. The sky seemed darker. And as I relaxed in my chair watching my favorite sit-coms before bed, I saw what appeared as a strange silhouette standing outside my window. I focused my full sight on what i thought was there.
Nothing. Just darkness.
I figured I was just over-tired. Just a little too much work today, thats all. I finished watching my show and retired to my bed. As I tried my best to sleep I heard the door at the end of my bedroom creak. I dismissed it, too tired to get myself worked up over nothing. I then got the sense something was watching me. I tried to shake it off, I just wanted to sleep. Finally, I heard something breathing heavily and slowly. At first I thought it was me and that I was psyching myself out, so I held my breath for a moment.
It wasn’t me.
I jolted upward from my bed and opened my eyes. I became frozen as I saw, at the foot of my bed, a young girl with long, black hair, around the age of 6, in a white night-gown. She stared at me with unblinking eyes and a wide smile. She had deep cuts covering her face, and her hands that hung at her side were covered in crimson. We both sat and stood staring at each other for a good moment, until she let out a horrifying, inhuman scream. At that moment I tried to race for the door but she leapt on my, digging her nails into my face, her dark, black eyes inches away from mine, screaming all the way. The screaming became deafening and I soon lost my balance and hit my head on the table next to my bed. I lost consciousness.
I awoke in what appeared to be an empty basement. My clothes remained on, except for my shirt. I struggled to find my balance. My head was covered in dry blood. I looked at my arms. There were cuts all down them, writing down words. I found the words read “Will you play with me?” It was also written on both my sides. I gazed around the room in horror and found an iron door with blood seeping at the base. I slowly made my way there. There was no sign of the girl, though I feared she may be behind the door. Despite my fear, I had to go in.
I had to.
What I saw was horrifying, bodies lay spread across the wide room all the way to the stairwell on the opposite corner. Men, women, children, all of them laying still. Cuts on their arms and legs, similar to mine, read “will you play with me?” Except these victims had something I didn’t have. I looked at a nearby women in horror.
She laid on her back, her stomach split open, as I came closer what came into my sight was a large toy fire-truck shoved in with her entrails. I choked back vomit and backed away. A man laying against the wall had metal jacks stuck into both of his eyes. His skull had caved in, and what lay next to him was a broken baseball bat, snapped in half in a pool of blood. A young boy lay lifeless in the very middle. His mouth was wide open and sticking out of it was the beginning of a toy car track, it had been shoved down his throat. His chest was cut open and his heart lay next to his body. In place of his heart were the dismantled pieces of a doll.
I lost my control and vomited. I cried for a moment, but then the thought struck me.
“Where’s the girl?”
I didn’t think this wanting to know where she was, of course. I thought it very briefly before noticing the stairwell that stood at the corner of the room. I started walking towards it, but then I stopped…
Something behind me was breathing heavily.
I turned around, and there stood the girl, after having stood in the corner in wait the entire time I was examining the bodies. She then said, in a high voice that pierced my ears with terror.
“Will you play with me?”
She began screaming. I turned to run away, but she was on me. Knife-sharp nails driving into my back and my neck. I struggled and eventually I threw her off of me and onto the ground.
I ran for the door, but it slammed shut. I banged on it and cursed, blood running down my back. It would not open. She was on me again, I elbowed her face, she drove her nails into my back. I managed to push her off and turn around. As she lunged I caught her. Her big, black eyes inches away from mine, her nails plunged into my face. Her screams deafening my ears. She raised one hand, smiling ear to ear, and her hand plunged down on my eyes.
Everything went black.
I woke up in the hospital, bandages covering my body, including both of my eyes. A police officer stood in my room, speaking with a doctor. They saw I was awake, and smiled. They informed me I was the only survivor of a mass murder, and that the suspect, a middle aged man, had been captured. I told them about the girl. They said no girl was found at the scene. They didn’t believe me. They told me “I should rest”.
Two weeks passed, and I was cleared to leave. As I exited the hospital, permanently scarred on my arms, face, back, and sides, I passed the waiting room. It had some toys lying on the ground. The game jacks, a toy fire-truck, a doll, and a toy car track. Sitting with these toys was a small girl with long, black hair. She wore a white gown. She looked up at me and smiled widely, and in a voice that pierced every cut on my body, she said,
“Will you play with me?”
Credit To: D.S Ozolnieks
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

“We’re going down!” Captain Raul Santana yelled over the intercom. “Everybody, brace for impact!”
Hazard lights blinked a pulsing symphony of angry red while alarms bleated in terror. The plane’s nose tore through the final layer of thin white clouds as the island rushed up to catch the doomed airliner. The 747 shook violently. Screams from the passengers strapped into the cabin pierced Santana’s ears. A buried image of his final tour in Afghanistan erupted before his eyes. He winced, shoving the burning intrusion back into its shadowy box, and wrestled with the yoke. Santana’s co-pilot desperately fought for the radio controls as turbulence tossed him against his seat restraints.
The island’s golden beach taunted him as it swelled in front of the cockpit’s forward windows. Santana let his body go slack: stiffening up on impact was a guaranteed way to break bones. He turned to offer the same advice to Jenkins.
The plane slammed into the earth with a deafening boom of crunching metal. Its wings sheared cleanly from the fuselage, peeling back metal skin like a banana, throwing free the broken bodies of those too slow to buckle in. The jet’s carcass carved a path of fiery ember across the pristine beach. A flock of birds nestled in the palm trees at the sand’s edge panicked and took to flight in a flurry of flapping wings.
Get your head out of your ass, Marine. We are leaving!
Santana’s eyes popped open at the sound of his old sergeant’s voice and a gigantic breath burned into his lungs. His temples pounded like an angry war god beating a drum. The cockpit swirled as he cut through the cobwebs in his mind. He coughed a few times. With shaking hands he fumbled for the restraints’ release mechanism.
“Fucking Christ, we’re still here.”
The shoulder belts snapped free with a liberating click. Santana massaged the back of his neck and turned to Jenkins. “You still with–”
Jenkins lay slumped over the co-pilot’s yoke. The control column had splintered during the crash and impaled the young pilot through the heart. Jenkins’s hollow eyes stared back at Santana, arms dangling lifelessly. Santana reached over and closed his partner’s eyes with a gentle hand. He thought of Jenkins’s wife and their unborn daughter that would never know her father.
“I’m sorry, brother.” He wrapped his fist around the gold cross hanging from his neck and muttered a quick prayer. Santana clutched Jenkins’s shoulder as he made for the cockpit door. “I’ll check in on them.”
The cabin reeked of sudden terror and suffering. Oxygen masks hung limply beneath broken overhead compartments that had vomited their contents into the aisles. Bodies, bloodied and battered and broken, sat strapped into their death thrones, heads lolling. Some wore masks of eternal surprise. A fortunate few found their faces frozen in peaceful resignation. Santana slumped against the cockpit doorway.
“Mother of God.”
Santana’s stomach soured. He pressed the back of his hand against his mouth to fight back the retch aching to free itself. The scent of salt water wafted in from a gaping hole in the plane’s side. Santana picked his way down the aisle towards the slanted column of moonlight marking the new exit. In a seat halfway down the aisle, the body of a man in his thirties leaned over the chair to his right. The still body of a boy rested beneath his father’s sheltering arms.
Santana fought back the lump in his throat and straightened the boy’s Red Sox hat. He patted the sleeping angel’s head, repeated his prayer, and stepped outside.
Sterling moonlight painted the landscape. He squinted and panned around the crash scene. Wreckage from the plane and discarded luggage littered the beach. Fire crackled from two dozen burning piles left in the plane’s wake. Waves gently breaking against rocks sounded from a nearby crag. It’s all a joke, he thought, or a dream.
Any minute now and I’ll wake up at home.
Santana squeezed his eyes shut tight and held his breath for a moment. A shrill bird call pierced the air. He opened his eyes and looked out over the endless dark ocean blue.
“No such luck, I’m afraid,” a man’s voice, accented in heavy French, called from alongside the plane.
Santana tracked to the new voice, squinting against the glare of one of the larger fires. The man had dark skin and was dressed as though he were due to deliver a keynote speech at the U.N. And tall. Ridiculously tall. “What’s that?” Santana said.
The man loosened a bold red necktie and the top two buttons of his tailored shirt. “We all had the same feeling once we got outside. That this was all a dream.” He shrugged off his suitcoat. “My name’s LaSalle. And, sadly, I can assure you that this is no dream.”
Several sets of footprints headed away from the hole in plane’s side. “How many survivors we got down there?”
Lasalle’s head sunk. A moment passed before the Frenchman answered. “Only myself and two others.”
Four.
Only four souls out of 113 had lived to share the misery of being stranded. The weight of the perished poured concrete into Santana’s lungs. He had seen friends, more than he could count, cut down in combat. Indeed, Lawson’s final screams had haunted his nightmares right up until last night. He had lost his father one breathless gasp at a time to lung cancer. But the deaths of so many at once…
Marine, we are leaving!
Santana shook the memory of his old co-pilot’s voice free. He nodded back at the cabin. “I’m gonna check the emergency supplies. God only knows how long we’re gonna be stuck here.”
“No need. We have already salvaged all we could.”
“There’s a few other things I gotta check,” Santana replied.
He worked his way back towards the cockpit, stepping over the sprawled remains of a woman whose neck was twisted obscenely backwards. Inside the cockpit, he tapped a few buttons on the main control panel. Hidden computers whirred and a warbling beep groaned before dying. The lights on the emergency locator beacon dimmed. “You’ve got to be shitting me,” Santana said. He picked up his headset and punched a few buttons on the radio, drawing nothing but static. He checked his wristwatch, then wrestled his cellphone from his pocket. Both faces showed no signs of damage. Neither responded to his frustrated tapping.
“Wonderful.”
God only knew how long it would take for the flight to be declared overdue. He entered the five digit passcode into the keypad mounted on the captain’s locker. After a satisfying click, he opened the door, and retrieved the old Marine Corp sidearm. He stuffed the Glock-19 into the back of his waistband, taking comfort in the cool, familiar presence.
Moments later, LaSalle lead Santana a short distance from the fuselage wreckage to the survivors who had taken refuge in the shade of a wide palm tree. Santana didn’t like the look of the supremely fair-skinned man who introduced himself simply as ‘White’. Probably the shifty eyes, Santana thought. White’s neck craned upwards to Santana’s lean silhouette. The intricately tattooed swastika covering his throat smiled back at the pilot.
Santana extended a hand but White only smirked. Santana tried again with the heavyset woman seated to White’s left. Purple streaks flashed through her jet black hair. She sat with her arms folded and her chin resting against her chest. “I’m Santana.”
The woman took his hand and gave it a weak shake, before jerking her hand safely back. “I’m Melody.” Sweat glistened at Santana’s temples. He swiped at salty beads with the back of his wrist. “Nice to meet you Melody. Try and relax, everything is gonna be just fine.”
White chuckled and rolled his eyes. “Why is it every time something bad happens you G.I. Joe types are always telling people that everything will be alright?” He pinched a smooth stone between his fingers, letting it roll across each digit like a poker chip. “You know that sounds like total bullshit, right?.”
“We say it because it turns out people don’t really like hearing things like ‘Holy shit we’re all gonna burn’,” Santana replied. “And whether or not it’s true, people who believe everything will be ok can focus and be useful.”
LaSalle moved beside Santana. “He’s right. We all have to stay focused if we want to survive. Captain, how long before we can expect a rescue?”
“Tough to say, but this far out to sea standard procedure when a plane falls off of the ATC grid is to scramble a pair of Navy interceptors– F-18’s to do a fast pass of the last known location. Trouble is…”
“Go on,” LaSalle replied.
Santana sighed. “The trouble is I don’t think they’ll have any idea where to look.”
White scoffed. “Look I’m not the brightest bulb in the box, but didn’t you just say they’ll just fly on out to the last place the plane was on the GPS or whatever you call it? Look at this flaming pile of shit. The smoke has to be a mile high at least. Even Mr. Fucking Magoo could see it, especially from the air.”
“Normally I’d agree with you. But since this island isn’t supposed to be here I’d say we’re looking at some pretty out of the ordinary bullshit coming our way.”
LaSalle touched Santana’s shoulder. “What do you mean it’s not supposed to be here? How can an island just appear from nowhere?”
“Yeah, professor. How does an entire island just pop up?” White added.
Santana threw White a frigid glance. The muscles tensed in his shoulders, but he resisted the urge to ball his fists and go to work. “I have no idea. But what I do know is that I’ve made this flight a thousand times and it’s never fucking been here.”
A bird cackled from within the dense jungle. White mimicked the laugh and raised his hands in mock defense. “Hey, take it easy soldier boy. If you say it’s never been here then that’s perfectly fine by me. But I think I’m speaking for me, Beanpole and Chunky over here when I say then what the fuck are we supposed to do?”
Santana didn’t see the point in holding back the truth. They were all in the same boat. They were all facing the same longshot odds. They deserved to know exactly how long. “I don’t know. And the radio’s down… along with our locator beacon.”
Sand flew as White scrambled to his feet, throwing up his arms in exasperation. “Wait a minute. You mean to tell me that not only are we stuck on a island that doesn’t exist, but there’s no way we can call for help?” White kicked over a stack of cases of bottled water. “Well isn’t that just the icing on the fucking cake.”
LaSalle stepped forward to calm White’s outburst, but the pale-skinned man swatted the gesture away without a second glance. He marched a few steps towards the doomed flight’s captain. Santana let his right hand drift to his waistband, letting it rest just shy of his concealed sidearm.
“Well what’s the plan, Captain America? It’s your fault we’re all stuck out here on this little slice of paradise. What’s our play?” White stabbed at the air in front of Santana’s chest but wisely avoided contact.
A voice cried out from the back of Santana’s buried subconscious. Lawson. Screaming. Burning. I should have done something. He shook the memory off. “Take it easy. We’ll figure something out.”
LaSalle nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, yes. We will find–”
The arrow tore its way through LaSalle’s throat, spraying a mist of warm blood over White’s face. The tall man staggered back, clutching at the wound. His breath came in ragged wheezes and gurgles. He sank to his knees in the soft sand. Surprise swelled in his eyes as he looked to Santana for explanation, but the pilot’s own wide eyes were little more than a reflection of terror.
Before Santana could react, a second arrow exploded through the back of LaSalle’s skull, spearing an eye free of its socket, momentum plowing the dying man into a face plant. Santana snatched his pistol from his waistband and took aim at the wall of emerald jungle. “Everybody move! Now!”
“Where the fuck did that come from?” White shouted, pointing at the gun.
“Go!” Santana yelled back at the other man. An arrow sailed by his cheek, missing by inches. Santana dropped to a crouch and squeezed off two shots. A cluster of wide fronds rustled but no screams retorted..
Melody struggled to her feet, sandals flapping, nearly tumbling forward onto LaSalle’s twitching body. Her arms waved frantically for balance as she stumbled. She grabbed for White, but he knocked her desperate hands aside and bolted back for the wounded plane.
“Asshole!” Melody shouted after the fleeing man. The coarse sands scattered as her heavy footsteps plodded in pursuit.  An arrow whistled from the canopy. The razor sharp stone head tore through her calf, shooting a steak of searing agony up her leg. She collapsed with a scream. “Help me!”
Two more arrows thunked into the sand by Melody’s outstretched hands. White ducked an arrow of his own, diving behind a hulking piece of wing debris. He peeked around the torn metal. “Sorry, sweetheart. Seems like we got a ‘survival of the fittest’ thing going on here. And you don’t look all that fit.”
White quickly scanned the treeline and then bolted the last twenty feet to the makeshift entrance torn out of the plane’s side. As he breached the jagged threshold, an electrifying jolt surged through his system, throwing him aside like a discarded toy. Steam wafted from his chest while the world swirled in front of his eyes.
Santana kept the pistol raised as he reached down and pulled Melody to her feet. Icy shivers swept over her in violent waves. Her lower lip quivered as her eyes darted back and forth over the trees. He grabbed her by the chin and locked his eyes with the woman’s. “I’ve got you. We’re gonna be fine. But we gotta move now. I can’t do it alone. I need your help.”
Melody gave an unconvincing nod. Santana returned the gesture and pointed to the trees. “We need to get out of sight. And by the looks of it, that racist asshole twitching on the ground proved the plane isn’t an option. On two we’re gonna run to that break in the trees. Looks like there’s a path there.” Santana took a deep breath.
“Ready. On two. One–”
The arrow sliced through his shirt, nicking the skin just beneath his underarm. He jerked away from the sudden sting and yelled. “Go now!”
Melody hobbled for the trees, wincing with each step at the burning in her calf. Foliage crunched under unseen footsteps hidden behind the trees. Santana took aim and fired once, freezing the hidden assailant. “Keep moving!”
Fighting his better judgment, Santana raced across the beach. White had already begun to stir by the time the pilot hovered over him, pistol swinging back and forth over the treeline. “I’ll probably live to regret it, but I’ve decided I’ve lost enough people on this flight.” He reached and pulled White to his feet by a handful of T-shirt. “Even a piece of shit coward like you. Now move.”
They caught up to Melody a few minutes later. She cowered behind a wide palm tree at the side of a sandy path a hundred yards from the beach. She had gnawed the nails on her left hand down to bloody nubs. Dark eye liner traced streaks from the corners of her eyes down her cheeks. She glared at White, her eyes thinning to slits.
“Asshole.”
“Yeah, yeah. I heard you the first time,” White replied.
“Shut up, both of you,” Santana said, scanning the surroundings, “If we have a prayer of getting out of this you need to stay calm and stay quiet.”
White scoffed. “Easy for you to say, captain. You’re the one rocking the piece.”
Santana ignored the barb. There was no movement behind the trees. No more arrows. The jungle had grown deathly still; quiet as though it were holding its breath. Santana was suddenly aware of the ache in his shoulder from having kept the Glock at the ready.
“I think we’re ok.”
Melody raised a trembling hand. “Uh, arrow in the leg. Definitely not ok.”
Blood trickled down her meaty calf. Inklike streaks crawled away from the wound. Santana crouched beside her, inspecting the injury. He had seen more than enough gore from improvised anti-personnel traps in Afghanistan. “Holy hell.”
“Is it bad?” Melody stammered.
It broke his heart to lie to the doomed girl, but Santana knew the telltale signs of a neurotoxin at work. “You’ll be dancing again in no time.” He reached for the arrow, then paused.
“This is going to hurt.”
Melody bit her lower lip. “Just do it.”
Santana didn’t hesitate. He snapped the arrow’s shaft and pulled it free. Melody winced but managed to will most of the pain into silence. Santana tore a sleeve of his shirt free and quickly cinched a tourniquet. He forced a smile. “You did just fine. Last time I tied one of those the guy cried for an hour.”
White pressed a hand to his chest in mock sentiment. “How moving. But seriously, what the hell are we supposed to do? We got a bunch of assholes out there shooting arrows at us, something threw some serious smackdown on my face when I tried to take cover on the plane–”
“You mean when you ran like a coward and abandoned me?” Melody said.
A derisive grin spread over White’s lips before he continued. “And no one knows we’re here.” He gestured with a sweep of an arm. “Wherever the Hell this is.”
He hated it, but Santana knew that White was correct. He nodded. “That about sums it up.”
Melody winced. The burning in her leg unleashed a hot barb that sent her hands reaching for the injury. Tears stung her eyes, but there was an ember of fierce determination slowly being stoked behind the misty veil. “Well then what do we do? I don’t want to die here.”
“Hang on a second,” Santana said. There was a faint roar of water coming from the trail leading towards the island’s jungle heart. He was suddenly aware of the rough, scratching sensation in the back of his throat. He knew that if they were to survive long enough to escape they would need fresh water sooner than later. “We need water. We’re gonna head deeper inland, maybe find somewhere to hold up until we can figure out our next play.”
The trail wound away from the smoking wreckage and gentle lap of the ocean tide. Santana took point, head on a swivel, weapon snapping to any rustle or snapping of foliage that sounded larger than a small animal. Melody hobbled close behind, slowing every now and then to check her saturated bandage. White trailed a short distance at the rear, shirking from shadows that the cool breeze scattered over the path.
Walls of steam-soaked plant life enclosed the path, threatening to collapse on it like an emerald avalanche. The non-stop flitter of birdsong and chattering animals was overpowered by the constant buzz of unseen insects. Santana tugged a couple of shirt buttons open. He hadn’t sweltered like this since his last trip to the sandbox.
“I don’t know how much longer I can go,” Melody panted between breaths.
Santana caught a quick glimpse of her leg. The bandage was saturated with blood and a trickle of thick pus oozed down her calf. She fell, catching herself against a tree trunk. He threw her arm over his shoulder and helped her back upright. “Look,” he said, pointing, “there’s water just ahead. We’ll get you cleaned up best we can and take a rest.”
The waterfall’s cascading flow glistened in the moonlight like a million diamonds washing away from the cliff above. It crashed into an oval-shaped lagoon painted a similar glistening coat of sapphire. Together, Santana and Melody worked their way down the hill towards the promise of freshwater. White ran past them without a second glance, falling to his knees at the lagoon’s bank. His hands were a blur as he frantically scooped water onto his face and into his mouth.
Santana eased Melody down to the golden sand and turned back to the jungle, scanning it before setting to work on the woman’s dressing. “It was stupid to run down here like that. There could have been more of them waiting.”
White flipped a final handful of water onto his head and massaged the back of his neck with the cool fluid. “Chance I was willing to take, boss. What else could go wrong?”
“You have no idea,” Santana replied, taking a drink of his own. His eyes followed the edge of the lagoon’s perimeter. Halfway around it appeared to vanish into the rocky cliff face. Santana tore his remaining sleeve free. He gave Melody a warning not to look and then quickly peeled off the old bandage. A moment and a pair of tears later, Melody’s leg, swollen and purple, was clean and ready.
A deep sound like a rhino’s bellow shook the trees behind the survivors. Their heads twisted in unison.
“The hell was that?” White asked, quickly springing to his feet, ready to bolt.
Santana’s Glock stared down the sudden, deafening intrusion as the pilot dragged Melody once more to her feet. Puffy bags had appeared under eyes, stretching her makeup into distorted shapes that streamed down her face. “Christ if I know. But we’re moving. And we’re moving now. Go!”
Fifty yards to their rear, the lush tropical vegetation feverishly rustled. A group of muscular figures clad in animal skins, carrying primitive bows emerged from the trees. Crude brands and ugly scars marred the skin of their faces and chests. Their eyes were hollow sockets of leathery skin. Melody screamed and hobbled faster, dragging her wounded leg with Santana’s assistance.
A hulking figure emerged from the growing horde. He was dressed in similar filthy pelts and scars. A necklace of sharp fangs dangled from his tree trunk neck. His left arm ended at a mottled stump below the elbow. A three-foot long length of shark jaw had been driven through the bruised flesh. Serrated teeth clung to the jaw fragment, eager to feed.
White stumbled a few steps. He leveled a shaky finger at the nightmarish figure and the horde massing at his back. “I’ll say it again. What the hell is that?”
“Don’t know, don’t care. And unless you wanna ask him why he’s missing half a limb I suggest you move,” Santana called back over his shoulder.
Santana trotted as quickly as he could, Melody’s arm draped over his neck, finger resting on the Glock’s trigger guard. The picturesque lagoon disappeared into the rocky cliff face, the moon casting a long throw of shadows over the sparkling water. A smooth path dared the survivors to enter at the edge of the golden sands.
“You can’t be serious. We’re really going in there?” Melody asked, looking ahead at the gloomy darkness.
A chorus of war cries reverberated in the night air, boring its way into Santana’s skull. He winced at the chilling sound. “I know you’re scared. But it’s either the cave,” Santana said before nodding back at the pursuing horde, “or them.”
“To hell with Fatty, here. I’m heading in,” White said as he pushed his way by.
Santana’s fist tightened around the pistol’s grip. Melody eased him off with a nervous smile. “Don’t worry. I’m used to it. Price you pay for being a chocoholic.” The bloodcurdling sound of the mob closed. Melody’s chin bobbed in the affirmative. “Cave. Now.”
The path leading into the cave looked like the maw of a lamprey: circular and with rocky crags for fangs that looked as though they’d be happy to clamp shut the moment prey drew close enough. It was dark beyond the entrance but the straining moonlight revealed a narrow passageway winding off into the shadows.
White disappeared inside first, anxious to put as much space between himself and the creatures hunting them. Santana and Melody followed, limping along as best they could manage. A moment later White’s voice echoed from around the bend.
“You guys are definitely going to want to see this.”
As they rounded the final bend, they found White staring slack-jawed at the far side of the voluminous cavern that was easily the size of a football stadium. A collective gasp escaped their lips. But it wasn’t the size of the enormous space that stole their breath.
“Jesus Christ,” Santana whispered, awestruck.
Towering above the embankment on the far side of the lagoon was a stepped pyramid that nearly touched the cavern’s ceiling. Several slanted spears of silvery light gleamed on the pyramid’s glossy obsidian facade. A long rope bridge stretched from the survivors’ promontory, reaching all the way to the steep stairs climbing to the pyramid’s entrance.
Santana recovered from the bewilderment first. “Come on. We have to keep moving.”
“Where?” White replied. “Do you honestly want to cross this rickety ass bridge and investigate the temple of doom over there? Are you insane?”
Santana shifted his weight, but did not let Melody down to the ground. He had no intention of waiting around for committee votes to be tallied. Inaction is what gets Marines killed. He knew it better than most. He had seen it happen before all too many times.
Move to live, Marine!
“Look, you can stay here and meet the locals if you want. But we’re moving. We’re gonna reach the temple, lock down what we can, and hopefully live long enough to regret asking you to come with us.”
The sounds of the hunters grew louder. It would be only moments before they surged around the bend. Santana tested the first plank of the bridge with his foot. The board groaned but held fast. He nodded to White. “You go first. I’ll send Melody next and cover the rear.”
White opened his mouth to protest his role as guinea pig but the steely glare in Santana’s eye convinced him otherwise. “You’re the boss, boss.” The pale-skinned man took a handful of the rope rail and took his first tentative steps onto the bridge. He flashed a gap-filled grin. “See you on the other side.”
Santana covered the cavern’s entrance while White made his way across. He was just about to guide Melody onto the bridge when long shadow wrapped around the corner of the passage. The Glock roared and a shower of bright sparks burst from the passage wall freezing shadow in place. Murmurs of a hushed language Santana didn’t understand seeped around the bend. He turned back to Melody whose knuckles had blanched from squeezing the bridge’s rope handrail.
“That won’t hold them forever. You gotta go. Now!”
Melody inched her way across the first two planks. Santana dropped to a crouch, taking aim at the lone entrance. Beads of frigid sweat trickled down the back of his shaved scalp. He reigned in his focus and began a tentative retreat to the bridge.
White reached the opposite side, collapsing to the ground as though he’d just run a marathon. He rolled to his knees and wildly swung his arms. “Hurry! The bridge isn’t as solid on this side.”
“Oh God,” Melody squealed, strangled the rope, her progress grinding to a halt.
The support cables of the bridge swayed. Santana’s hand flew on its own to the guide rope. Stabilized, he shouted for Melody to move. Instead she screamed.
Mako breached the entryway flanked by his band of hunters. Silence smothered the cavern. And then came the wretched groan of bows being drawn. Santana fired into the killbox framed by the narrow passage. Blood exploded from the chests of two hunters. One fell to the ground; the other slumped and fell from the promontory. The body splashed into the lagoon below, shattering its serene surface.
The body floated face down in a cloud of crimson. A moment later dozens of tooth-filled jaws tugged at the hair and flesh of the fallen man. Santana’s stomach lurched as the piranha ripped the hunter’s arm free to the sound of tearing meat. The captain recovered quickly. He had seen more than his fill of dismemberment and had learned long ago how to bury the ugliness of the world. Santana backed his way further down the bridge, firing a shot every few paces to ward off the hunters’ arrows. They seemed happy to remain safely away from the bridge. All but Mako.
Mako’s jaw stretched unnaturally as though it had come undone at the hinges. The gaping maw revealed row after row of serrated teeth that matched the fearsome weapon impaling his arm. He threw his head back and thrust his chest out, unleashing a roar that chilled the very air.
“Hey, I’m no expert, but I’m thinking maybe your next seven or eight shots should probably hit the asshole with the fucked up arm,” White shouted.
Santana leveled his sidearm in agreement. “Grab Melody and head for the temple or whatever the hell that is.”
White found the courage to venture five steps out onto the bridge to meet the limping woman. As she reached for his hand a crunching exploded into a snap. Melody’s uninjured leg drove through a rotten plank. She flailed for White’s hand, but he had already retreated to solid ground. She plunged through the jagged splinters of broken planks just managing to grab a fistfull of the bridge’s lower rope. Shrieking, she dangled above the piranha filled lagoon.
Santana quickly panned to the endangered woman. “Melody! Hang on.”
Mako’s demonic maw shortened to tooth-filled grin that stretched ear to ear. He dashed over the promontory, rushing for the bridge and the promise of prey. Santana darted across the rattling planks as though it were a perfectly level piece of race track. A step from Melody, he spun on a heel, took aim and fired. The bullets stung Mako’s chest and shoulders like a swarm of angry yellow jackets. The giant staggered to a halt, shielding his face with his arm’s lethal prosthesis. Santana clamped down on Melody’s wrist and began pulling the woman up. White re-appeared at the bridge’s end. Holding a long survival knife.
“Sorry, boss. Can’t take any chances.” White set to work, sawing at the bridge’s anchoring ropes.
Santana’s eyes widened to saucers. “No! What the hell are you doing?”
White ignored Santana’s desperate plea and let the serrated blade work itself through the rope. The first line snapped, causing the bridge to lurch wildly as it dropped. Santana fell through the planks, grabbing a length of rope with one hand, clamping down on Melody’s wrist with the other. The Glock tumbled from his hand, seemed to freeze in mid-air for an agonizing second, then disappeared into the crystal-blue waters. Arrows sailed over the bridge, shooting for the opposite promontory. White shrieked in pain. He cursed at the hunters before his footsteps faded into the distance.
Melody’s lips quivered as she dangled twenty feet above the dark waters. “Please.”
Every muscle in Santana’s body twitched. Veins popped in his temples and neck. The rope tore into the skin of his fingers. His jaw clenched and he pulled at Melody’s wrist with everything he had. Her soft skin slid through his vice-like grip until he held her by little more than a handshake. Santana’s face burned a hot red. “I’m sorry…”
Melody’s scream rattled the massive cavern, rousing bats from slumber amongst the stalactites, and drawing a round of guttural cheers from the hunters. Mako roared his approval and pumped the serrated teeth of his handless arm into the air.
She splashed into the lagoon with Santana’s eyes locked onto the doomed woman the whole way down. A moment later bits and pieces of rent flesh and fabric floated to the surface amidst a plume of red.
Santana sealed his eyes shut. The rope cut deep into his hand and for a moment he considered letting go. He had lost so much when the plane crashed; lost even more in the sandbox. He had watched men die before, had seen the child-like look of innocent terror of not knowing what would follow the dimming light. But Melody was different. Melody hadn’t signed on the dotted line. She hadn’t boarded a transport plane into some third world shit hole that time had forgotten. She was just a kid flying home.
Something sparked in the back of Santana’s head:  A tiny voice demanding justice. It clawed its ways through his mind until only a singular, laser-focused thought remained.
White must die…
Santana ignored the plinking of arrows deflecting on the promontory and slung his free hand up to the rope. He pulled himself onto the tattered bridge and maneuvered over the final swaying planks. Behind him, Mako held his position at the bridge’s halfway point. Blood seeped from his bullet wounds.
“I’ll be back for you later,” Santana said as he trotted off, following White’s footsteps, “but first I have to deal with a more pressing pile of shit.”
The climb up the obsidian pyramid’s front stairs set Santana’s legs and lungs on fire. They terminated two stories beneath its the peak, leaving him facing the blackened maw of a twelve-foot entrance. The crackling of fire snapped from within.
Santana slowly let the darkness swallow him. Leading with his hand sliding along the smooth, glass-like wall he slowly advanced, using the snap and pop of the fire as a guide. He rounded a bend and was greeted by the faint light of a lone torch flickering on the wall. He pulled it free of its brazier when it hit him: why would White have left a trail?
The torch swooshed as Santana swung it ahead into the dark. Dancing shadows on the walls revealed the tight corridor advanced in a subtle circular fashion while the telltale burn in his calves indicated a gentle incline. Rodents squeaked and scurried somewhere in the blanket of blackness. Scenes from old mummy movies ran through Santana’s head. “Better not be any snakes.” He looked up at the sky that wasn’t there. “At least give me that.”
The passage finally emptied into a dome-shaped room one-hundred feet across. A ring of burning braziers circled the chamber, bathing the walls in a fluid, amber glow. Santana’s eyes fell immediately on the room’s centerpiece. Four columns of strange greenish stone stood watch, towering nearly two stories over the floor. Angular symbols that looked as though they’d been crudely carved with nothing sharper than primitive tools of rock decorated the tall stoneworks. Reflecting pools of still water rested beneath each column.
Santana approached, eyebrows raised at the amazing sculpture before him. The hair on the back of his hand stood on end as he reached for the nearest column. A shriek echoed along the fire-dressed walls. White bolted into the chamber from a darkened entrance at the opposite end, screaming as though he’d looked into the Abyss itself. Santana raised his fists and dropped into his stance, focusing his breath. “Come on, you fucker,” he muttered.
The screaming man blew right by Santana without even acknowledging he was there. He barrelled into the wall face-first by the chamber’s main entrance. White’s nose gave a sickening crunch and the pale-skinned man tottered and collapsed. Blood bubbled from his ruined face, pooling behind his head.
Santana hesitated, then approached. White’s alabaster fingers were wrapped tightly around the survival knife’s handle. Santana stepped on his wrist, securing the limb to the ground. He pressed his fingers into the side of White’s throat. Dead. Santana tilted White’s broken face to the side. “What the hell happened to you?”
Scarlet track marks lanced White’s features from the top of his skull, over the swastika tattoo at his neck and over his heart. The Marine reached to touch one. An abscess welled up beneath a large inflamed line and raced from White’s cheek down into his neck like something crawling just beneath his skin had been startled.
“What the–” Santana said.
A second abscess erupted in the middle of White’s forehead. Santana glanced at the door, then White’s weapon. He pried at White’s fingers but the stubby digits may as well have been set in concrete. “Come on, goddammit.”
Several more roving abscesses raced from White’s skull and disappeared into the side of his neck. Santana stood hastily from the writing mess and drove the heavy heel of his shoe into White’s wrist. On the third stomp, bone snapped and White’s ghostly fingers snapped open. Santana snatched up the knife and then retreated to his dropped torch. White’s body twitched. Santana’s eyes all but burst as White pushed his way back to his feet. Abscesses at his face and arms ruptured to the grotesque sound of sucking mud, spilling an oily green mucus onto the ground.
“Nope. Nope. Not happening,” Santana said. He scooped up the torch and held it towards White’s shambling corpse as though it were a sword. White advanced, feet shuffling, moaning. His neck rippled as though something were trying to claw its way free. There was a tearing sound–
“To hell with this.” Santana flung the torch at White’s bloated feet. The fire roared as it surged up White’s pants, greedily consuming his rotten torso in seconds. A high-pitched death wail came from the unseen terror dying within White’s throat. Charred skin peeled back over burning flesh until finally White collapsed in pile of burning rot.
“Impressive. Most people forget about the torch.”
Heart still pounding, Santana spun to the voice, knife at the ready. His jaw slackened when he located the source of the heavy French accent. “I saw you die.”
LaSalle smiled, flashing a mouth full of gleaming, oversized porcelain. He stroked the length of the arrow spearing his throat. “Oh this?” he said, casually pulling the arrow free. “Not to worry. I’ve had worse..”
The sandy floor crunched as Santana subtly shifted to a more defensive stance. “Last time? What are you talking about, last time? This temple, this whole damn island isn’t even supposed to exist.”
LaSalle’s laugh echoed through the chamber. The well-dressed man adjusted his tie, cinching it tightly in place. “And yet here we both are.” His voice dropped to a mock whisper as he regarded the stone columns. He shielded his mouth with the back of his hand. “I’ll let you in on a little secret… they’ve been bringing people here for years.”
“Who?” Santana replied. His hand instinctively reached to the back of his waist where the Glock should have been.
“You know, I’ve never actually met one of them in person. One of the Others, that is. They come in my dreams. They let me know when they hunger. They tell me which plane to get on and before I know– boom! Here I am again.”
Sweat trickled down Santana’s temple. “Those eyeless fuckers outside? The ugly bastard with the mutilated arm? How the Hell could they bring a plane down?”
Again LaSalle laughed. “No, no, no. Of course not. They’re just the sorry shits who lived here when the Others first arrived.” LaSalle closed his eyes and tilted his head back as though he were basking in the glow of a tropical sun. “They can do things you couldn’t dream of.”
“Like crash planes full of innocent people? And then you do what? Make sure any survivors find their way here? That seems like a really stupid method to secure dinner. What if no one survived the crash?”
“Christ be merciful, they were right. Humans are dense. They know who will survive. The Others aren’t after meat. Hell, they’re not even after our blood despite the centuries of urban legends about bloodthirsty monsters creeping in the shadows,” LaSalle replied, wiggling his fingers as though he were telling a ghost story.
“What then? Can’t be our brain power according to you.” Santana’s hand balled into a fist around the survival knife as the Marine advanced. “What else is there?”
LaSalle snapped his fingers and pointed excitedly at Santana. “Ah, there it is. The Others thrive on consuming the urge for conflict in other beings. That part of the soul that consumes the warrior’s heart when battle is near. The Others drink it up like fine wine. It’s powerful stuff, believe me I know. It’s extended my own lifetime decades beyond what it should have been. It stretches theirs into immortality. They can sense that spirit in certain humans. They use me as an anchor that they may draw them in.” The dark-skinned man paused a moment before continuing. “But there is a price to be paid.”
“A price of what?” Santana asked, barely controlling the rising fury in his voice.
“Why blood for life of course.” LaSalle said, smirking.
Santana assumed a fighting stance. “I’ll see that I get plenty of yours then. Melody’s blood, the blood of the whole flight and God knows how many others, is on your hands. And I’m going to make sure you understand that as you die, you son of a bitch.”
“Ah, my dear Captain Santana, I won’t be doing any fighting today.” LaSalle nodded to an entry way at the chamber’s far side. Mako emerged from the shadowed entrance, striding forward, chest puffed out. Thick, dark blood dripped from the teeth protruding from the length of shark jaw spearing his arm. The bullet wounds at his chest had healed and shrunken to minor scars.
“Sure. Why not? I figured something like this would happen,” Santana said, shrugging his shoulders loose.
LaSalle stepped aside, freeing the floor for the combatants. “The rules are simple, captain. You both fight. One of you dies. The other lives if he survives his injuries. But I want to be clear on a single, most important point: The Others are watching. If they feel as though you’ve not fought to your fullest, they will simply force you to repeat the ordeal.” LaSalle looked down his thin nose for emphasis. “From the plane crash onward.”
Santana considered the entrance to his rear but something told him there was little point in retreating. Nothing about this strange island made any sense. It was as if he were living a nightmare for someone’s viewing pleasure. In that moment, Santana decided to give them their money’s worth.
Mako moved to the center of the space framed by the quartet of runic columns. In the brazier light, blood from the shark’s jaw molded through his arm spattered onto the floor. His lips curled into something resembling a ghoulish smile.
The sight of the demon chilled Santana’s blood. A shiver climbed his spine as though Lady Death herself had softly blown on his skin. He gave up an easy sixty pounds and at least two feet of reach. To win meant getting in close. And striking with brutal efficiency. He would let the beast come to him and then carve out his heart.
Mako circled left, then, with a burst of speed alien to most beings his size, slashed his arm at Santana’s throat. The Marine was well-prepared. Santana ducked the blow and thrust the knife at what should have been a soft spot between Mako’s ribs. The knife deflected harmlessly, nearly throwing Santana off balance. Mako hardly seemed to notice the scratch.
“What the Hell are you?” Santana shouted at Mako. LaSalle’s disembodied voice answered.
“He is the instrument of the Others’ will. Nothing more. Persevere, my good captain, and I assure you you will emerge victorious.”
Santana barely heard LaSalle’s cryptic reply. Instead he changed tactics. He rushed Mako, feinted another slash at his belly, and then sliced at the demon’s eyes. The blade bit into the soft flesh. His roar echoed through the chamber and the knife came away sheathed in blood.
“So you do bleed. Good to know,” Santana said, smiling. He advanced again, dodging a furious backhand and then a savage overhead slash, before cutting into the thick muscles and tendons behind Mako’s left knee. The demon staggered to one knee with a howl. Santana moved in for the kill, but Mako’s deadly arm sliced across the Marine’s abdomen. Santana cried out and teetered backwards. He pressed his free hand to the stinging gash stretching across his stomach as the demon fell.
Santana held his bloodied hand in front of his face. It blurred around the edges, then seemed to separate into three images. An invisible hand squeezed his throat. It took a moment to cut through the panic, but eventually he understood. Poison. The knife clattered on the floor as he clutched at his constricting windpipe.
The room spun and Santana’s legs felt like rubber. The braziers’ light muddied into rings of filthy yellow that raced through his vision like warped halos. He pressed his fists into his eyes.
A man’s voice, heavy with sorrow, whispered. “You left me there. How could you just leave me?”
Santana stumbled, nearly toppling into one of the reflecting pools at the base of a column. “No. It can’t… You can’t… be here. You’re dead.”
When Santana finally pulled his hands away, stinging tears burned his eyes. But he saw him clear as day. Lawson stood not more than five feet away. Still burning. The spectre’s skin was a grotesque mixture of mottled and singed. Its voice deepened into the accusatory as a furious finger was raised. “You sorry piece of shit. You said you would always have my back.”
“This isn’t real,” Santana muttered. Lawson’s once strong features were gone, melted away by the blast of the anti-aircraft missile that tore his UH-1Y Venom from the sky. Lawson had been the only crew member not able to rescued from the wreckage before the auxiliary tank had ruptured.
“You left me in the fire! You left me to burn!”
A chorus of moans rose into a hellish symphony of screams. The acrid scent of the helicopter’s burning bones poured a bitter taste into Santana’s mouth. He jammed his hands over his ears like a child who refused to hear his parents. He shouted at the top of his lungs. “You’re not real!”
The chamber went suddenly still. The ghost of Santana’s deceased crew member and the collage of horrible details of that fateful memory had vanished. Santana’s heart pounded and his lungs ached for breath. Mako’s heavy breathing hissed at Santana’s back, his shadow falling on the Marine like a storm cloud. Santana spun on a heel and drove the survival knife deep into the soft flesh beneath the creature’s jaw, burying it to the hilt. Mako gurgled oily blood through the corners of his sealed mouth, teetered as he clutched at the blade and fell face first into a reflecting pool. His lifeblood stained the pool, clouding the fire-lighted water.
A flash of emerald surged at the center of the four columns, then arced into the quartet like lightning. Applause came from nowhere. “Nicely done, Captain. It has been years, decades probably, since a Mako was felled. You have earned the appreciation and gratitude of the Others. You may rest assured that they will be slumbering easy for some time and that your services will not be required again in the immediate future.”
Santana spun in the chamber, panning for LaSalle. “What do you mean immediate future? You said if I survived than I was free.”
LaSalle’s haunting laugh echoed through the chamber. “My dear, dear captain. I said that if you survived than you would live. We made no such deal regarding your freedom.”
Nausea welled in the pit of Santana’s stomach. He squeezed his hands into fists, ready and willing to pound LaSalle’s skull into sand. “Why don’t you come out so we can make a new deal.”
“Ah, but I’ve already told you captain. I won’t be doing any fighting today,” LaSalle replied.
Pain flared through Santana’s left arm, starting at the fingertips and scorching its way through his elbow. He screamed in agony as inch by inch the layers of skin and meat and bone crumbled to ash and fell away. He fell to his knees, cradling the grievous wound, only vaguely aware of the sound of footsteps behind him.
Several of the hunters entered the chamber and pulled Mako reverently from the reflecting pool. They rolled the creature onto his back and quickly set about preparing the body for the ritual burial. Santana turned and watched in horror as one of the hunters ran a crude stone knife through Mako’s mutilated arm, freeing the shark’s jaw. The eyeless man held the severed limb over his head like a prized trophy. He regarded Santana with a nod.
Realization crushed the breath from Santana’s lungs as the hunters circled him. A pair of muscular brutes held him down while the man with the jawbone impaled the flesh of Santana’s stump with his replacement arm. The Marine struggled against his captors, hurling curses and screaming in anger and pain as the weaponized limb was attached.
A tiny spark of euphoria took hold. Santana thought at first he was going into shock. He fought to block out the searing pain in his arm and keep track of his mind. His name. His home. His final flight. Minutes later the details suddenly seemed less important and he felt the memories floating away. He had a new mission now.
Santana didn’t even flinch as the hunter took the stone knife to his eyes.
Credit: Ghost of Seven Echoes
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

As you learn things, you notice things
 As you notice things, you learn things
 As you learn more, more becomes real to you
 And as more becomes real to you, the more you notice.
As I write this I sit at my desk trembling, this all started with that stupid game!
Play it he said, it will be fun, he said.
My best friend told me to play this well known horror game called Slender, and I figured- Hey, why not, sounds fun- and it was. I played it quite a few times that night. And that got me onto playing another horror game called Amnesia. I could hardly play that, because I’ve always had the worst nerves.
Then, my girlfriend showed me creepypasta, making fun of my nerves. And that’s when it started going downhill.
I read it, for some reason compelled to. I could only read it at night, past midnight. And after I found it, it showed up everywhere.
I figured it was the normal thing to do, right?
It probably was.
And unless I’m completely different, I was scared shitless about everything.
I still am.
But that’s only because I started noticing them.
I look out my window and see them.
Swarming around my apartment.
The ones I read, and watched.
I don’t know if its in my head, or real. As I write this I can hear the banging on the steps leading to the front door of my apartment. The statue in my bedroom window is staring at me, and I’ve already smashed my VCR and painted over my mirrors. I hide in my covers every night with the light turned on, willing myself to keep my eyes open and sleep with them that way. It never works, but I still find myself alive and well the next morning. But at night I hear them, I see them. I can feel their presence.
When you know them, you notice them.
I shouldn’t even be writing this –  if it’s not my imagination then I could be putting you in serious danger. Because it wasn’t until I started thinking it could be real that I noticed them. And HE leads them, the image from nightmares long past, and deeply forgotten. His very form takes on what he knows will scare me the worst at any given moment. As I type I can feel him reading over my shoulder, grinning at my rising fear. But not acting, oh no, never acting on my fear. He feeds on it, and he knows it will never leave me. Because when the fear leaves me, that’s when he will devour me. And that is what keeps my fear in me.
He makes me keep writing, holding my chair in place whenever I try and leave, not letting he close the document.
He wants me to tell you. He wants me to let you think it’s real.
As you learn about them, you notice them
As you notice them, you learn about them
As you learn more about them, they become real
as they become real, they notice you
as they notice you, he leads them to you
as he leads them to you, you can only stare
as you stare, he smiles at you
as he smiles at you, its too late.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

Try this. Turn off the music. Turn off the TV. If you have to, turn off the computer. Then go to another room, and sit. In total silence. Do you hear that? That ringing? People say it is your brain making up a sound to explain the silence.
People lied.
I cant tell you what is making that sound, but whatever it is, you don’t want to meet it. It is trying to break through. Force its way onto our plane of existence.
Now try this. Repeat the first steps. Turn everything off. This time, turn the lights off too. Still hear that ringing? Better hope you do. If you don’t, its because they have finally managed to break through.
And no amount of running will save you.
—
Credited to  TheCoffinDancer.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

In Central Australia, there is an unremarkable service station along a straight and barren stretch of road. If you walk straight in and ask for the key, you will be given an unremarkable key attached to an unremarkable piece of wood. The key will unlock a door at the service station, leading to an impossibly long stepped corridor, dimly lit from an unseen source. If you follow these stairs, you will begin to hear hungry cries of birds of prey that grow louder as you descend. After an amount of time, the light will vanish, leaving you in the dark, and a rasping voice will ask for your desires. For each desire, you will experience all the sensations, unforgettable, branded into your memory, of bodily mutilation, of being torn asunder by impossible strength, of having an arm slowly flayed, each nerve individually pulled from your flesh. You may speak as many desires as your sanity can take. Then you must turn and return up the steps and never look back. Return the key and go about your life. Your desires will be granted, but you will always have to live with the memories given to you in that dark place.
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

At my young tender age, painting was the only psychoanalysis I ever needed to retreat to, or how common people call it therapy. Every hour in the morning until the sun rises, my brush strokes back and forth. It tells a part of a story I wish to tell, but I am only full of fear. The brush strains itself dry with repressed fear as its ink.
What did I paint this time in the morning?
 
A bird.

My first night under the new full moon in the summer was an everyday moment. The repeating cycle forced upon the cold shadows of what used to be formal civilization. I tried to close my eyes, entering into a tranquil state, relieving myself from the pain of familiar faces.
Entering the other side of my mind, the visions and experiences to which my emotions created.
A dream. One night I entered.
One night I took in the unexpected.
One night I envisioned a corrupt identity.
Visions blurred around, but at once I reasoned to the fact I was falling into deep space. My eyes closed shut, to let the feeling sink in. Unsteadiness arose when my bare feet felt cool slabs of brick.
This is quite strange, I thought.
I’m outside.
There I was on my hands and feet, rising up to wave around, feeling any possible walls in this pitch-dark environment. Only two walls reached my grasp, side by side. If there was a passage, there was a way out. I took a light step forward with one hand on the wall. Light was up ahead, and my hand lost touch at the end. Something rushed by inches from my face. My eyes deceived me, for that was not a train, creature, or being, it was a coach.
A coach? Have I gone mad?
The rush of wind trailing behind caught my legs, forcing them back down on the pavement. Whatever this place was, nothing of modern living was shown. Old street lamps in black lighted each corner. All of the buildings were in a crimson color; to where I stood was an abandoned alley.
My Lungs dropped abruptly, choking and wheezing for a gasp of air. Grey paste retched out of my system, relieving the pain my lungs had.
“Oh! The indecency!” said a woman above me. The paste stained her dress and petticoat. She scrunched her little nose, tossing her head the other way. People treaded across the grey puddle, all mimicking the woman’s disgusted face.
Retreating to the alley was the only choice now. There was a stinging pain across my head and heavy shoulders dragged me down. Rest was inevitable now.
 
Very little time had passed in my struggle to rest. The night grew darker with nobody around. I had very shallow strength to walk, but it was not time to worry about.
The well-kept perfection of nothing out of place chilled my knees. There stood lit lamps, cool breeze, no quarrelsome ruffians or pestering chats. Everything kept in place.
I stood up at the sound of a slow clacking noise down the pavement. On a corner across the alley, stood a lamp where a shadow grew closer.
 
It was a woman.

The woman clicked in her heels quickly, clutching both arms in the cold. She lifted her head up to catch a glimpse of the night sky. Such an illuminating beauty she was. However her eyes encountered a different story. They sunk in deeply, losing color in the iris of what should have been hazel. The woman lowered her head on the lamppost, exhibiting weary highlights of indigo and violet in her hair. Outbursts of sobbing were all she did.
“Get the damn girl…Wait! There is no…either that filth…. YOU HEAR ME? DEAD!”
Unknown thoughts stung me various times, burrowing its messages in my head like swarming wasps. I kept bashing at my forehead, believing this was a demented illusion. Every vein retracted inside. Something was pulling strings, since I could not even twitch. The strain held back blood from my beating heart. It would skip for seconds until it ceased to beat at all. Death nearly took me away, but the hidden force released me and I collapsed.
Faint laughter was heard from the entity.
“…Lucky…sense…here…he…here…. He’s here. Fufufu-hahaha………such…queer…you…are…”
At the corner, the woman ceased to stop wailing. What stopped her wails was the sound of another’s footsteps. She flinched at its shadow coming near the lamppost.
The lamppost shined on a tall man in a dark cloak with his fingers in white and sharpened at the tip.
His face is what shook me.
Only a white bird mask covered his face. There was little skin on his right cheek, and red meat dangled on the side. The woman looked at the damage with sad eyes. I listened deeply to the woman’s voice of anguish, hearing not a hint of what I could understand. The man spoke softly to calm her down. She stomped a heel, yelling at him in frustration. He took a hard slap from the woman and yelled in agony of the dangling meat ripping away. His white hand seized her arm. She whimpered at his impatience, hearing the dark tone in his threat. But the man could not bear seeing her forlorn.
He openly embraced the woman, soothing her fear with words.
“You…ignore…happiness. Have…”
The entity returned.
I had enough of the message it tried to send.
“This cannot change on what I believe in. Possessive thoughts are for the driven.” I told the invisible being.
What was I saying…?
“Fools? You. Better…even the girl…DAMN LIFE-“
“SHUT UP!” I covered my ears, no to believe the insanity in me.
“Would…you…to be happy?”
“Happy?”
“Yes…only…to…rid…pain…slaughter…his…cherishment.”
There was a moment I had, looking at my right hand.
EVERYTHING HAS AN END.
 
The wretched bastard fooled me by being apologetic. Every day she visited less and less, until a note was written to me on how she was happy in Lock Haven, with him as her betrothed. Bitter days raised and desolate nights set. That was an end to our friendship. And my madness as an animal opened.
“End…it.” The entity murmured.
I tightened my right hand into its very grasp with crimson trickling down.
There was a blade in my hand.
Not a damn would be given over the pain; I slit the rest of my palm and held the handle in my left hand. The woman had been given the man’s cloak for warm comfort. They walked separated paths after dealing with conflict. I paced forward in her direction. She seemed detached of worries over any possible danger in the night.
 
I pounced upon the woman’s petite figure, stuffing my fingers in her mouth to block any uttering shriek.
My blade punctured her face numerous times. The absolute rush of releasing my demented rage was everything to me!
Pride. Wrath. Melancholy. Emotions representing harsh cloaked feelings.
Sympathy. Joy. Care. Emotions those are full of untouched beauty.
All the colors splattered around and mixed their contents to make sheer and brilliant crimson! Everywhere! EVERYTHING!
But everything has an end.
The man had dashed to her muffling cries, kicking me right off the woman. He pulled out a sword to finish me, but it turned to ashes. The man and woman disappeared.
And so did the world.
 
Dark dust rose with fog surrounding me. The dust formed a cloak; under its shadow was a hideous face with deep holes scowling in disgust.

Its neck creaked each inch, raising the head toward me. The being slurred:
“Envy has. …Become… Your master….”
The face outstretched itself, growing long teeth and a slick tongue. It charged right at me.

“NO!”
My lungs peaked at its height in an attempt to breathe. I was alone in bed, looking at the alarm clock.
5:09.
The sun has not risen yet.
My right hand seemed empty, no cuts, and no blade. Not even a dark thought that stung my head. I let out a deep sigh of solace. There was no need to go back to sleep. I had a conjecture over her happy ending. It was her fault for choosing that man. My only loss of regret was not choosing to see her again. Without a helping hand, she could have been lost. Seeing them both happy was enough to make me repulsed.
 
The thought made me chuckle a little.
“Five more minutes of sleep would do…”
 
Misery had always been The Artist’s great friend. Even in the lowest of times, I can’t help but reflect back on those dark times in my paintings.
Look, I even painted the moon, with one side dark and one side light.

 
 
Credit To – Atzin
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

He awoke to the silence of the earth. Wisps of broken grass touched his cheek as the wind carried them away to an unknown destination. The sky was black, while no truly living thing stirred. John did not know how long he had been unconscious, but the blanket of stars above left him in no doubt that it had been for at least several hours. The sickness remained, though not as potent, but the wound in his side still wept blood. Rising to his feet it became clear that his body was still under the effects of whatever was on that hill. In the intoxication of it, the world still possessed a fluid, watery form, but on closing his eyes for a moment he felt that he had somehow become accustomed to it, at least to the point where he could gain his bearing and find a route to escape.
Luck was on his side as the moon was present above, albeit only as a partial, waning crescent. This provided him with enough illumination to gauge the strange world and its shapes which surrounded him. He was unsure if he remained where he had fallen as the ancient standing stones, which he remembered vividly and with no little sense of dread, were nowhere to be seen. But as he stood there with his hand vainly attempting to stem the blood from his side, a frightening realisation crept towards him. John found it difficult to convey to me in simple words what that was, but he described it as ‘the rules of nature upturned’. Nothing seemed to make sense, for a moment he did not know who he was, why he was there, and what abominable source was causing such illness in him. He seemed to retain the knowledge of the hill and a memory of the church, but his thoughts were turbulent and disconnected. Fleeting moments of identity would quickly be surpassed and replaced by utter confusion. But regardless of the affliction, one constant remained; his instincts pleaded with him to leave that place immediately. But in this fragile state of mind, he could not tell which way would lead him down to the land below, and which route would send him upward, to whoever or whatever sat on the summit. The sensory intoxication was an experience unlike any other – the world unravelled.
A smell of sickness tinged the air. Whether it was his own vomit or the illness playing tricks, he did not know, but within that stench there was something else. A smell of dampness mixed with the unsettling scent of burnt hair. It became so strong that it began to sting John’s eyes, which only furthered his disorientation. Though his eyes were clouded by tears and the world seemed wrong, he now sensed what he could only describe as a presence. The musty smell increased in potency and as it did, John let out a cough. The response to the noise was distinct, and though he believed that it was impossible to know the mind of someone – something approached and it did so with malice and hatred as its companions.
Terror now turned to fleeting purpose as he quietly wandered passed shadowed trees and amongst the wild grass hoping to find his way out. Staggering as he fumbled his way through the darkness, the pain in his side grew and thoughts of dying out there on the hill, never to be found by his loved ones, became apparent. For a moment he thought that he would collapse once more, but while the sickness intensified, it was now accompanied by the sound of dead grass and wilted flora being thrust aside, as something trudged through the undergrowth nearby. John’s vision was now so poor that he could not tell which way was forward and which back, and in fleeting moments of clarity he felt repulsed by the idea of ending up back at the church or the stones, or graves – unsure of what they had been. He was utterly lost, and something which called that hideous hillside home now approached.
Be still.
But silence, nor darkness could shield him. No realm of oblivion could provide obscurity, for a wickedness as old as the earth now stalked a man who once laughed in the face of superstition and myth. The air grew denser and what little light the sliver of moon above provided, diminished as though it were being sucked deep into the ground with no escape. Then, nothing. The noise of branches and grass being broken and pushed aside ceased, and in its place a void of sound, almost unbearable. At the end of his nerves, John could feel any remaining vestige of hope or escape abandon him. It was close, its breath could be felt upon the air; foul, rancid, as of something which long ago lived and yet had not relinquished the desire to cause hurt and pain. Then movement. Dead leaves cracked under its weight, the long grass which had seemed so impenetrable, so dominant now torn and broken with each shuffling stride. The only thought in John’s mind now was to hide. Slowly, his breath stuttered and quietly gasping, he sank into the long grass, and there he lay; silent, terrified.
The presence was closer still, and in the darkness he thought that at times he could see the vague shape of a figure wandering just out of reach. It circled slowly, coming closer then retreating as if searching the ground meticulously. Then finally, the sound of its cumbersome footsteps grew distant, and then ceased. John breathed a sigh of relief.
Then a hand touched his face.
Survival now took him and with a yell of utter terror he rolled onto his side. Searing pain ran through his body, as his own weight and motion thrust an uneven piece of ground deep into his wound. A low grown escaped from whatever monstrosity stood before him and then, without knowing which way to proceed, John became motivated by a new impetus, jumping to his feet and bolting in a random direction, hoping beyond hope that it would lead out of that madness. That nightmare.
Trees and grass flew by in the pitch black of night. A thick miasma of sickness and burnt hair encircled everything, eliciting convulsive retching as he ran. At last he knew where he was, he had his bearing and it was one which he hoped he would never possess again. The church loomed tall and twisted before him. Something hurtled through the trees behind and in a moment it would be upon him. At least he knew which direction to go, running as he did to the side, towards the path which he had ascended earlier in the day, a worn track which would lead him to safety. But the land appeared unfamiliar and unnatural. The very shape and construction of his environment seemed to have bent to an unknown and malevolent mind. He had to continue on, to get away from what pursued him. The path must have been in that direction!
Then, finally he broke through a line of bushes and trees into a clearing. His heart sank to depths he did not know. There stood the church once more, but it appeared different somehow. By night the building seemed to possess a more sinister and bizarrely altered form from its daytime persona. For a moment John imagined its steeple to be not of rock, stone, or concrete, but of vine and earth and wood, spiralling towards a heaven which had long since spat it out at the world.
The rustle of trodden leaves approached once more as he stumbled and gasped for air. The pain from his wound was now almost unbearable, each step forward accompanied by an internal, blinding, tearing sensation. Forced to flee across the face of the church by his stalker, John moved as best he could, staggering and limping, weak and exhausted, entering a thick network of brambles and thorns. His clothes caught as the barbed appendages of the plants scratched at his face and arms. It was no use, he could not outrun what was coming. Looking over his shoulder, someone was clearly ripping through the branches only a few feet behind.
Fear coursed through John’s veins as his stalker now bore down on him. Letting out a cry of pain and anguish, the thing amongst the branches seemed to stop for a moment, observing him struggle, his hands cut and grazed by thorns. John pulled and grabbed at the thicket in front trying to escape, and then to chill his bones once, the figure behind stared, letting out a harrowing groan – somewhere between a laugh and a sigh of satisfaction. It began moving at great speed, breaking through the entangled cage of thorns and branches with ease, closing in quickly.
With a scream of pain and disbelief, John finally broke free of the thorns’ embrace, but despair haunted him. There the church stood once more, almost mocking, twisted and warped in ways that no human architect could conceive of. Staggering with little fight left, he moved passed the church once more as his assailant broke through the tree line, rushing towards him. John increased his pace as best he could, but by now he could muster little speed. The heavens now opened, and swathes of liquid poured over the church, flowing to the ground beneath which quickly became sodden and water-logged.
John’s strength diminished as he fell to his knees, admitting defeat as a hunted animal relents at the end. Then, salvation. From far away shone a light. One which beamed and broke through the almost impenetrable surrounding thickets. Something to hold on to. To hope. An anchor to follow, a light from outside that terrible hill. As the sound of his pursuer neared, scrambling across the grass in darkness, one last surge of energy awoke John from his terrible fate. The sight of light and life reignited what small vestige of hope remained. He screamed in agony as he lifted himself to his feet, the rain now lashing down upon him, drenched to the bone, pouring into the hole in his side. But it did not matter. All that mattered was that light, and the safety which it promised. Limping as quickly as he could in its direction, he thrust himself into the vines and branches of the entangled woodland, fear overriding any pain brought about as thorns scratched and cut at his skin.
Yet, he was making progress, and the light began to loom larger and larger; vibrant and sustaining. It was clear now that he was heading downhill and as the momentum of his trajectory caused stumble and fall after fall. It also increased his speed markedly. Flashes of memories not his own once again invaded his mind, thoughts of anger and hatred filled his vision; images of the church never empty yet absent of the living – as the priest reared his hands, so bowed the congregation’s heads.
Confusion was beginning to seep into him again, and the smell of burnt hair once more filled the world around. Though cumbersome, his stalker could be heard increasing pace, yet it seemed more agitated than it had before. Angered, perhaps even frustrated. John felt sick with panic, the blood now pouring from the wound in his side, unimpeded. Just as the light seemed closest; the promise of redemption, safety, and escape loomed near, he flew down a steep incline of grass, slipping in the wet mud and tumbled at speed to the ground. Pain, exhaustion, and hopelessness ruled supreme as his body, already battered and bruised, came to rest on top of a large fallen tree trunk.
The clambering footsteps drew near, and as they did so John thought to himself that he and that which he laid upon had both been victims of a cruel and hidden evil which called that hillside home.
‘Come on, son. Get up! Get up!’ a voice yelled in the darkness, almost drowned out by the now fervent breaking of ground and grass behind.
The world seemed warped, but as consciousness now prepared to wither once more from his mind, clarity returned and John realised where he was. His body was slumped not against a fallen tree, but against the wooden gate which marked the boundary of that terrible place.
Something was close. That thing which had been hounding him in the dark only a few feet away.
‘Move, it’s nearly upon you!’ cried the now familiar voice of Dale.
With one last movement, with the final piece of life left in him, John R—— opened the gate, falling face down into a puddle by the roadside.
III
I sat transfixed, the words flowing from John in stuttering fashion, yet with a conviction and reality which I found difficult to ignore, regardless of my scepticism. This man believed with every fibre of his being that what he had told me was the truth. Dale had apparently went after him, against the wishes of the other villagers, he had long ago lost a son and did not wish for anyone else to succumb to the apparent malevolence of the hillside. The landlord, being an old friend of the farmer’s, eventually gave in and both men travelled to the foot of the hill in the hopes that John would find their light in the darkness; follow it, and be the first to escape from there in living memory. No matter how much they wished to help though, they would not dare touch that gate, nor cross the hill’s threshold. John had to do that on his own, and he did so just as his pursuer leaned over him.
I remember letting out a sigh of relief as he finished the last of the wine in front of the fire. There was a moment of silence between us, and I realised that the entire bar was bathed in an anxious reticence. One which was almost tangible, as if those present wanted to speak, but dared not.
Finally I spoke, attempting to be as reassuring as possible: ‘That is an amazing story, John, but it is just a story. I’m sure there is a rational explanation for it all.’
He bowed his head gravely, staring at the floor.
‘If it’s just a story, then why can’t I leave?’ he said, looking up at me with an expression half caught in fear, half trapped in desperation.
‘What do you mean you can’t leave?’
‘I’ve been here for three months!’ he shouted. ‘I sometimes wish Dale had just left me there.’
‘John,’ I said, leaning over and resting my hand on his shoulder reassuringly,‘You can leave whenever you want.’
But I could see from his expression that he did not believe me. He had been consumed by whatever myths and superstitions the locals had fed him. I concluded that his psyche had been poisoned. Of course I felt that the land lord and others meant well, but I was sure that a conventional explanation would hopefully cure him of his afflicted mind.
‘I’m going to Glasgow tomorrow,’ I said cheerfully. ‘Why not join me? The bus will be here in the afternoon and we can travel back together. But… Of course, I’m forgetting, you have your car with you. Please don’t think I was fishing for a lift.’
I laughed, but John just stared at me grimly, then answered: ‘ My car is sitting out back, wrecked.’
‘Really? I hope it’s not too bad. What happened?’
‘It took me several days to recover after my experience on the hill,’ he said mournfully before continuing, ‘but when I felt up to it I packed my bags, thanked Dale and the landlord, then drove out of the village. A couple of miles into my journey the rain came down in sheets. Visibility was terrible, but I just wanted to leave. I lost control of the car and went straight into a tree. I was survived, but the car is a write-off.’
‘Well, accidents happen. As long as you were OK. How about another drink?’ I said standing up. As I did so, John grabbed my arm forcefully.
‘It was no accident. There was something else on that road. I saw him standing there. A man… I think. At least, it appeared like a man. I swerved to avoid him.’
‘And a good thing too. The last thing you would want around here would be to accidentally kill a local.’ My jokes once more did not appease his frustrations.
I sat back down as he conveyed to me his predicament. After the incident with the car, which was towed back to the inn by Dale, John tried everything he could to leave. Each time he attempted to use the local bus there would be a problem. It would breakdown, or there would be a landslide stopping it from entering the village – he even claimed that was why I had been stranded over night, because he had intended to take the bus again that day.
The man was adamant. For three months he had been a guest at ‘The Laird of Dungorth’, and yet no matter how he tried, he could not leave the outskirts of the village. Several times he had even tried to hike to the nearest town, but on each occasion he was beaten back by bitter and perilous weather which appeared without warning. He had even tried to phone for help, but his mobile phone seemed to have no signal, while using a land-line resulted in a continuous static. The same applied for anyone who tried to make a call on his behalf.
While I could not explain everything that had happened, I was certain that a series of rational and conventional events could account for each. It seemed madness that someone so obviously intelligent and articulate be made to believe such nonsense. I genuinely felt sympathy for the man.
‘You are the victim of a self fulfilling prophecy,’ I said confidently.
‘What do you mean?’ John replied.
‘I’ve worked in many villages like this. You come to an old part of the country with a haunting landscape. It seems like another world compared to the modern life of London. Then you are provided with paranoia fuel. A myth that the locals believe about a cursed part of the land. Taking all that in, you have some terrible luck hitting a tree with your car, and before you know it, you believe the whole thing. Perhaps you even imagined the figure on the road. Maybe even the whole encounter.’
‘What about the hill?’ he asked, obviously intrigued by any possibility that escape could be achieved.
‘Probably a placebo effect from all the stories you’ve heard. That or, who knows, maybe you had food poisoning or a virus of some kind and hallucinated the entire thing. Maybe there’s even some nut up there living in that church.’
It was obvious that he remained unconvinced, but I felt that it was my duty to take this poor soul out of that village, back to Glasgow where he could hopefully make arrangements to get home. I had seen the damage that unfounded beliefs could cause amongst people and communities before, and I was genuinely appalled by it. I just wanted to help.
‘Tomorrow, we’ll get the bus together and I’ll buy you a pint in Glasgow.’
He never said much in return, other than nodding his head reluctantly in agreement.
IV
The next day I rose early with a singular purpose. While I had to get home to work on my assignment, the bus was not due until the early evening, which gave me just enough time to persuade John to come with me in the most dramatic of fashions: To go to the hill myself. I knew that if I returned without any of these strange experiences that perhaps he would forget about the superstitious nonsense which the villagers had afflicted him with, and leave on the bus with me. I must also confess that I was utterly intrigued by the idea of the place, and while I had absolutely no doubt that John’s experiences were mistaken, I actually felt that there might be an article, or even a story in the whole ordeal. As a writer, such opportunities rarely present themselves.
Before I left I spoke with him and made my intentions clear. He pleaded with me not to go, that his fate need not be mine, but after much protestation he accepted that I would not be dissuaded, and reluctantly agreed that should I return without paranormal, supernatural, or otherworldly incidence, that he would leave for Glasgow with me.
After providing me with directions – ones which I was sure would not be forthcoming from the villagers – I made my way out to the supposedly tainted hillside. I must admit that when I saw it at first it did appear… odd to me. Misplaced somehow. But again, I counted this as the subconscious effect of John’s tale. The environment appeared to be just as he had described. At least that much was accurate. The road was blocked with rubble and rubbish, and I too found the wooden gate lying at the foot of the hillside. There was even a stain of blood upon it, certainly making the conclusion of his story more believable. The thought of some maniac up there did give me pause, but even if someone had chased John through the undergrowth, they had probably moved on after being confronted by Dale and the land lord. In any case, a badly wounded John had been able to escape, so I felt confident I would be fine.
I did not feel anything out of the ordinary as I crossed the threshold, and while the tangled weave of trees and dead grass did provoke feelings of decay, I was surprised by just how innocuous and commonplace the environment felt. After climbing the steep path which clearly had been used numerous times in recent years, I reached a spot which was reminiscent of John’s descriptions.
And there it was. Obscured from the world by a wall of leaves, rotting wood, and grass: The church. I was significantly surprised as I had thought such a building would surely have been part of John’s hallucinations and I concede that I began to feel slightly unnerved by its existence, and hesitated for a moment before proceeding. I’m embarrassed to say that had the area not been illuminated by the morning light, I may even have considered retreating. But I did not.
The church was fascinating, and I, at the very least, wished to see if it was as John had said, with an altar undisturbed inside. It was not difficult to gaze inward, though I shuddered slightly remembering the description of the door being partially blocked by debris, yet it lay wide open unimpeded, and this discrepancy did give me pause once more. Yet, there I stood, at the threshold peering inside. It was exactly as he had described; the floor strewn with rubble from a failing roof, the altar raised up ahead, an inscription – which by now I had no doubt did indeed read as John had stated – and the doorway leading downstairs to an unknown destination.
You must understand that at no point did I genuinely think that something supernatural resided there, the very idea seemed laughable; but I did began to question my safety. Thoughts of a hermit or mentally deranged recluse living under a remote church did not fill me with confidence.
‘Hello? Is anyone there?’ I shouted, my voice echoing up towards the rafters above.
With no reply, I castigated myself for being so paranoid and stepped inside. Carefully I negotiated the rubble, noticing droplets of blood on a broken piece of wood which I assumed were John’s. Thoughts of blood poisoning now entered my mind: Perhaps the wound in his side caused the hallucinations, at least the ones which occurred afterwards? That could have explained his disorientation.
The altar stood as he had stated. Realising that I may need to prove that I had been there to reassure the man, I took out my phone and started taking pictures of the church interior. With each flash the hall lit up, and as it did so my mind crept back to John’s descriptions of a zealous priest and a fearful congregation huddled under the protection of the church – but protected from what?
Turning to the darkened doorway which led underneath the building, I felt my heart begin to race at the prospect of descending the stone staircase, but I was compelled to, although not for entirely altruistic intentions. Yes, I did want to show John that there was nothing down there, and that the beliefs which seemed to hold him paralysed within the boundaries of the village were unsubstantiated; but I also wanted to know what lay beneath, myself. Why did this church have a subterranean level? Was there a crypt? My curiosity piqued and my mouth watered at the possibility of a published article describing my discovery, of an unknown archaeological find with perhaps an important and valuable relic or two within.
As I approached the door, I could feel the cold air breathing from below. Using the light from my phone, I calmed my nerves which had begun to grate on me and looked cautiously inside. A steep and narrow flight of stairs dripped down into the ground beneath. The walls were darkened grey and seemed to have been carved or formed with far less care than the rest of the church. I shouted down there once more, but again no one replied and I therefore assumed the place to be abandoned. As I descended, I was surprised by just how long the staircase actually was, and by the time I reached its conclusion estimated that I was at least fifty feet beneath the old church. It appeared peculiar to me that a level would be so far beneath the ground and questioned to myself the purpose of it – why had the architects, builders, or followers of the church dug so deep.
At the last step I composed myself, and turned to face a darkened doorway at the conclusion of the staircase. The blue light from my phone illuminated everything around. What I saw deeply disturbed me; a large room, the floor littered with rags, stone, and human bones. I could not tell how many bodies had been left to rot there, for they were too numerous. The chill in the air was pronounced, and I felt frozen to the core not just by the cold of the stone which surrounded me, but by the sorrowful feeling I felt inside. It was almost as if I could imagine people huddled down there, spending their last moments hidden from the sun. The very impression I had, was that they had died there, yet I did not know why I was so convinced of this.
Taking a few pictures, I then entered what I can only describe as… a mass grave. I was careful to not disturb the bones, but I am ashamed to say that I felt the crunch of a few under foot. To the right lay a doorway leading into another chamber, and while I did not wish to disturb the tomb any more than I already had, I felt compelled to know the entire story. That is, what else was down there.
Above the doorway sat a stone cherub, carved with a degree of artistic flair, putting it at odds with the room full of bones, but the childlike face wore a strange grin upon it. Not of joy or playfulness, but of taunting and sadomasochistic indulgence. The very sight of it left me with a feeling of revulsion, and so I quickly entered the other chamber to be removed from its gaze.
Inside was a large room, much grander than the one before. I could tell immediately that something of importance to those who had built the church had once been housed there. The walls were adorned with beautifully carved symbols, some Christian, but many of a nature I could not identify. In the centre of the room lay a block of solid stone three feet across. A large hole lay to its side. On the rock was the following inscription:
Here lies the father. Loved by some, hated by many.
As I pondered the epitaph I peered into the hole. The grave was vacant, but I was glad that I had seen it before walking around the room, as it was deep and wide enough to have given me a nasty fall. Being stranded down there with a broken leg was not something that I wished to consider. The dirt inside the grave was stained black by what looked like a deposit of charcoal throughout, and the fringe of the hole was surrounded by a circular pile of dirt. I assumed that grave robbers, or perhaps those who had ‘hated’ the man, had removed his body long ago.
The air of the place was beginning to affect me intensely. Each breathe inward was jagged and cold, and the discomfort was such that I decided I had seen enough. While taking a few pictures to document the tomb before leaving, the flash from my phone brought something on the floor into sharp focus. Covered in earth and dirt lay a book which poked out slightly from the ground. Gently blowing the dust from it, I carefully lifted it up, resting the book on top of the makeshift gravestone.
The binding was ancient, peeling slightly as I ran my hand over it. The dark red cover, which I could not identify the material out of which it had been made, spoke of time gone by and of stories lost yet important. Deep down I knew that such an item should be removed carefully and studied by scholars, but as a writer, my passion for a story compelled me to see what it contained. Opening it, I was amazed. This was a chronicle. A hand written account of the history of the church, its congregation and the hillside. A snapshot of a people long since forgotten.
It was written in a linguistically confused tone, as the wording seemed to be a mix of Old Scots English and phrases in a language unfamiliar to me, one which I assumed to be Celtic or Gaelic in origin, however, the passages in Old Scots I could read to a degree. What follows is a loose recollection of what had been inscribed there.
***
In the 15th century a group of refugees came to that area in search of a place they could call home. The valleys – or glens as they are known in Scotland – were uninhabited at that time, as too was a strange hill which dominated the landscape. The people were from a place called Dungorth, and they had escaped from the laird there who had ruled that region at the time; fleeing his persecution as he was a brutal and merciless ruler who punished all who did not follow his beliefs.
In all they numbered only in the hundreds, and while their elders wished to settle in the glens, a prominent priest amongst them claimed that to bless the lands, and to ensure that no ills would befall their community, the hill must be settled first – a beacon of holiness casting a shadow of protection on all below. While some were suspicious of the man’s fascination with the place, he was known for his kindness and as one whose judgement could be trusted. Disheartened, the elders began to follow his example, as it was typical of the time for people to be God fearing. There, on that isolated and baleful hillside, they built a small settlement, but almost immediately a few of the settlers began to fall ill. A sickness which could not be explained and which often resulted in a feverish madness.
The priest blamed a number of standing stones which were peppered throughout the hillside, remnants of – to him at least – an old and heretical religion. It was decided under his supervision that the people should build a church. With the presence of consecrated ground, it was thought that the effects of whatever resided on the hill previously, would be eradicated.
They were wrong.
Despite their efforts the sickness only grew worse, and many began to suspect that the priest himself was in league with the abhorrent forces at play. Some of the elders rose up against him, but under his orders, members from the church congregation executed those who rebelled. Fearing for their lives, many of the settlers who were outraged by the priest and his followers, fled in the night, escorting the remaining elders to the lands below. Most made it off of the hill, but some returned wailing and frightened, believing themselves to have been stalked by uncertain and unearthly figures in the woods, unable to escape. To save their lives, they pledged undying fellowship to the priest and his church.
Claiming to be receiving visions from the almighty himself, the holy man assured the villagers that if they carried out his explicit instructions that they would all be saved. Each night they gathered in the church as the priest spewed forth his visions and damning, seething hatred for those who had left. It became clear to some that he had gone mad, but by then the man had formed a strict and brutally loyal conclave of followers who hung on every word and prophecy, making any rebellion sure to be a violent, bloody, and uncertain one.
Many spoke of dreams without form, blinded by darkness, and several families were found in their homes, suffocated in the night. The priest blamed those who had escaped and told stories of how they were the source of the darkness which had persecuted his people, cursing them to a desperate end. Bitterness and anger swept through the community and several villagers were selected to descend the hill and bring back the elders who were to be judged and sacrificed if need be. But no one could leave. No matter how hard they tried, the church loomed large, no matter which way they walked, down or up, they would appear where they had begun, confused and disorientated.
The sickness spread, and the village watchmen one by one were found choked and mutilated in the streets, with witnesses claiming to have seen strange entities prowling around at night. In the panic, those left had no option but to cling to their religion for salvation, in the hope that the church would protect them. They huddled together underneath its roof, in abject terror for what approached from the shadows outside.
Here, the writing changed markedly, becoming jagged, fervent, and more pronounced. The priest himself had taken over from the town chronicler who he had deemed to be unsatisfactory. Several pages followed, pockets of English entangled with what looked like Latin, and a number of unusual and indecipherable languages. Each page was filled with pain and scorn for those who had left, and then, the words just stopped.
***
Standing there in that Stygian and foreboding place, I ran my fingers across the spine of the book and could see clearly that the last page had been torn out. What it could have contained, I did not know.
I felt overwhelmed by the account which I had just read as a very real and palpable fear surged throughout my body. The thought occurred to me, that the accounts of the sickness which had plagued the exiles of Dungorth seemed remarkably similar to John’s experiences. I could not avoid the coincidence and I began to suspect that something had in fact affected him after all; something tangible. Perhaps a contaminant in the ground. A poison maybe? I had read about pockets of methane gas escaping through the earth and at sea which had killed many, but it was not out of the question that something similar, perhaps in a smaller dose could in fact have caused mass hallucinations, sickness, and even madness. It was the most feasible explanation I could come up with. Yet, why had I not been effected? Perhaps, as the chronicle had stated, some people were more immune to the contaminant than others.
My attention now turned once more to the grave, or at least what was left of it. I wondered what the people did with the body of that loved but hated priest, assuming that was who ‘the father’ referred to. Did they re-bury it in another location? Perhaps his followers were worried that his grave would be vandalised. The answer became clear to me almost immediately: They had burned him in his grave, under the very church he had built; the hole where his body once lay, now marked eternally by the blackened stains of smoke and ember. I shuddered at the thought that he may have been thrown down there and set alight while still alive.
The air now grew noticeably colder, but this was not what marked the beginning of my ordeal. I leaned over, looking closely at what I saw on the rim of the grave. I could not bring my self to believe it. There on the brim of the hole was a callous signature left by the church’s former attendant. In the darkness I must have missed it, but now it was unmistakable. There on the edge of the grave was a hand print, blackened and burned, as of someone clawing their way out of their eternal and forsaken pit.
My breath spiralled slowly out of my mouth, congealing in the icy surrounds while my heart raced at the mere possibility of what had risen from that hole in the ground. As the air grew colder still, I stood up and made my way to the foot of the stairs – I had to get out of there, into the sunlight, into the open. It was then that I heard it. At first it was merely the impression of a sound. Then more definite, rising in intensity and clarity. Something stirred above.
People. Many of them, groaning and lamenting, crying for their lives in unison. Chants in the darkness, both Christian and of something older, a fetid religion that had best been left in the ground. As the wails of misery ascended, a single voice rose up out of the cacophony. Deafening and terrible, it spoke of the end of days, of betrayal, and of unimpeded sin. The voice yelled and screamed, renouncing all who did not listen, a vengeful sermon from that stone altar above.
I cannot put the fear I felt into words. Alone in the cold darkness of a defiled crypt, with no way out other than up and into that church hall where something hideous now relived forgotten and terrible times. The screams grew louder as the banging and scuffing of feet rushed towards the staircase, towards where I stood. Such pain in those voices, I ran in terror as they flew down the ancient staircase towards me.
Without thinking, I jumped down into the empty grave switching the light from my phone off and found myself cowering, shaken to my very core by the agonising voices which cried out against the world, and one another, in the next room – hate and utter despair at evil both outside and in. The roar of agony increased, men, women, children weeping and cursing a God they believed had forsaken them. Accusations, persecution, and the tearing of flesh. Then, silence. I clung to the bottom of that charred grave with my fingernails etched into the soil. Any scepticism I had for unseen and hidden forces had receded. Shaking violently in the cold bleakness, I waited for several minutes before switching the light of my phone back on.
Peering over the brim of the grave, I pulled myself silently onto the floor. The rooms were empty, all but for the broken bones and skulls of countless lives ruined by whatever evil lay in that hillside. I finally plucked up the courage and with nerves shredded and beliefs shattered, I climbed the stairs slowly, scared rigid at the thought of what might be waiting for me at the top, but it was my only way out, and I would be damned if I was going to end my days the way those poor people had, cowering deep below.
The hall was empty. As quietly as possible, I crossed the room negotiating debris and rubble quickly but quietly, cutting through an oppressive silence, finally exiting through the doorway to the open air. Once out of the church I fell to my knees, quivering with anxiety as I tried to process the entire experience. My mind then flew back to what had been in that grave, and more importantly, where it was now. Then I knew. Running as fast as I could through bushes and thickets, I reached the path quickly, unimpeded by whatever evil had blocked the settler’s escape, but I did not stop, half filled with terror at what might have been in pursuit, and half pleading for my instincts to be wrong.
The air burned in my lungs as I rushed down the path, within minutes the wooden gate was in sight and I was off of that wretched hill, a place I would never tread again. Not for money, not for a story, not for anything. I would have breathed a sigh of relief at this thought, but that was not in my mind. I had to get back to the inn as quickly as possible. Continuing to run as fast as I could, I fought exhaustion and the limits of my own body, and after a time across field and hedgerow, finally the Laird of Dungorth inn came into view.
Staggering towards the old building, it was then that I heard it. Screams, of agony, of terror, and for mercy. I knew instantly where and by whom. A new found jolt of stamina found me as I broke into a sprint once more, bursting through the doors into the bar. There, the room lay in silence. Villagers sat staring at their drinks while the landlord himself stood motionless, his eyes pointed to the ground. The screams continued from the rooms above. I begged and pleaded for someone to help me, but none would listen. Realising I was alone to confront it, I broke for the stairs, but the landlord forcefully intervened, dragging me back, his arms wrapped tightly around my shoulders.
‘Leave him son, you can’t help!’ he yelled as two other men attempted to restrain me.
I thrust my elbow into the stomach of the landlord behind and then barged passed the two men, knocking one to the floor. Tearing up the stairs I followed the awful cries straight to John’s room. The door was locked. Thrusting my shoulder against the door, again and again, it cracked and splintered against my efforts. With each strike I heard the garbled gasp of something unearthly inside in response. Finally, the door gave way and in I went.
For a moment I glimpsed something which looked like a man, at least something which once was alive. Blackened and burned, it turned its head as if to stare at me – I cannot say whether it truly saw me as it had no eyes to speak of. In its grip was the crumpled and lifeless body of John R———.
Then, it turned, wriggling through an open window, carting the poor man’s body behind. They were both gone.
The room then took on a volatile and fluid appearance. I do not know if it was the exertion of my efforts or just being in proximity to that grotesque miscreation, but a sickness overcame me, seeping through my stomach, and as I lost consciousness I cried out in helplessness.
V
That was several days ago. It seems I banged my head against the floor when I collapsed and somehow injured my leg in the process. The village doctor who examined me prescribed some antibiotics for what he believed to be a stomach infection, and a sedative which helped ease my anxiety. With little else to occupy me, I have committed everything I can remember about this entire horrid ordeal to paper. After all, a writer writes.
Yesterday I visited John’s Room for the first time since he was taken. It was silent, and it felt empty in a way I have never truly known before. An absence of life is the best I can describe it. The place lay ransacked, his belongings still strewn across the floor. I assumed that no one had been in there, the land lord was probably too frightened, but I do not blame him. As I turned to leave the now vacant room, I noticed one item which looked out of place – it did not belong. On John’s bed lay a withered and stained piece of paper. I knew where it had come from without even needing to read it, the last page of the chronicle, the account of those who had settled on the hill. A maze of repeated phrases in arcane and forgotten languages spread out across the crumpled and fragile paper, but one in English stood out. It simply said ‘No One Leaves’.
I do not know what to make of anything any more. I feel exhausted, yet my mind still picks over the last few days piece by piece. I am wracked with guilt, somehow I feel my very presence on that hill brought whatever that was back down here to take John. Otherwise, why did it wait so long?
My last thought on the matter is that perhaps I’ve just been lucky, that I visited the hill when that thing wasn’t on it probably saved my life. In any case, regardless of how the villagers wish to explain this I will be reporting John’s disappearance when I arrive in Glasgow, and asking the police to take a look at the number of residents who have went missing in the area over the years. I think they will be surprised by the number.
Home seems a million miles away, but I know that I will be there shortly, to my own bed, another world far away from the events of the past few days; perhaps there I will be able to put this madness into context. I have never been so homesick. Hopefully I will be there in a matter of hours, although, the bus out of the village is running a little late.
The End
Credit To – Michael Whitehouse
–
Update from the author: Hi everyone. I’ve just self-published On a Hill via Amazon. I’m not asking anyone to buy it, but if you did read it and enjoy it here, if you could take a couple of minutes to rate it by clicking here and share it, that would be amazing. Sorry for the gratuitous self promotion. Thanks again for reading!
~ Mike
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The submission form is once again open and ready for your stories! 
The July/August submission period will run from July 5, 2014 – August 20, 2014.
If you did not receive a reply to your submission from the April/May period, your story was rejected. Do not to submit comments or contact requests asking for your old submission’s status. Please take the time to look at your story with a critical eye and re-work any issues before resubmitting. Remember, simply re-submitting a rejected story without any edits will not accomplish anything beyond netting yourself a ban when I notice that you’re spamming the same rejected story over and over. 
If you are having trouble discerning why your story was not accepted and your pasta was not placed on Crappypasta, I suggest joining The Creepypasta Network and posting your in-progress pastas on their forums. Specifically, their Story Area sub-forum is designed precisely for writers to share their work and receive feedback.
The contact form has also been re-opened. As always, please limit use of this form for issues that are not already handled in the FAQ. If you submit a contact request asking for support with something that has already been explained in the FAQ or on the submission/contact pages themselves, you will not receive an answer. Please just use the already provided information rather than expecting an individual response – I took the time to create the FAQ specifically to avoid having to constantly hand-hold people through some of the more basic aspects of the website and submission process.
Due to recent events, both the submission and contact forms will now track your IP address when you use them. If you submit anything abusive or obscene, expect an IP ban from the entire website, not just the submission form. The form will also note your user agent/browser version in order to help me see patterns when the form inevitably refuses to work for some people. This information will only be visible to me and will not be shared or used for any purposes beyond what I just mentioned, but I wanted you guys to be aware that this data was now being collected.
Thanks for reading and good luck with your submissions!
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

The following manuscript, along with two video tapes of security camera footage, was found in the fourth floor of an empty office building next to what remains of a mangled, once locked, metal door. The building, located deep in the forests of North Dakota, was repossessed by the city, repaired, and sold to a software company. The tapes and files were thrown away and later stolen from the trash. Their current location remains unknown.
What follows is a letter written by Dr. Richard Banks, who has been missing for over two years.
This is an apology. I’ve gotten three people killed already, and I’m certain that more will follow. I’m sorry for that, I really am. Ten goddamn years of paranormal research tossed in the garbage, our big, revolutionary project up in flames, but I’m getting off topic. I should start from the beginning.
We were fresh out of grad school and newly unemployed, quickly realizing that a PhD doesn’t even get you a job teaching science to first graders. That’s when my good friend James Weldon approached me with an idea. All four of us had been obsessed with the paranormal, but James was really into it. He showed us this study out of Russia where these scientists were able to conjure what they referred to as “ten’ chelovek,” “the Shadow Man.” Though we were naturally skeptical at first, all of us were intrigued by this research.
The files went into explicit detail about how to conjure, contain, and study the Shadow Man that for the sake of public safety I will not repeat here. By some miracle, we acquired what used to be an office building that was far enough away from the nearest town. We set up what passed for a lab and three weeks later, began the ritual.
We just about shit ourselves when the inky form appeared in the observation room. We actually did it. The scientist in me was astounded, but the rest of me was deeply unnerved. The Shadow Man was downright creepy. The figure before me was a humanoid shape that didn’t look like it was entirely there, almost like it was made of smoke, like you could put your hand right through it. It had no discernable features.
We performed countless tests and experiments on this entity, but much to our disappointment and curiosity, the Shadow Man did not respond to stimuli. Heat, cold, light, dark, we tried it all. It did not react. That’s not to say that there were no changes, though. We noticed that, as the days progressed, the Shadow Man grew more corporeal. Its form seemed to solidify and take a more permanent shape.
As the Shadow Man evolved, it frightened me even more. It looked more human each day. James thought that the Shadow Man was copying us. While it did appear very humanlike, it couldn’t get it just right. The Shadow Man’s limbs were jagged, like they had been badly broken in several places and had not set properly. Jane Adams, behavioral psychologist and member of our team, had already begun writing a paper on the Shadow Man. We told her that absolutely no one would believe a word of it, that it might even ruin her career, but she didn’t care. I guess we were all too blinded by how strange this situation was to think rationally.
A couple days later, I was in the observation room by myself. I had stayed late that night, promising to close up when I left. I think the Shadow Man knew that I was alone. It approached the glass wall separating us, and pressed its bony, mangled fingers against it.
The lights went out. The power was still on, as the computers were still running, but the lights turned off and would not come back on no matter what I tried. Though it sounded ridiculous, I thought that the Shadow Man was smart. Now, it was impossible to see the creature in the darkness, and I think that’s what it wanted.
When I was turned around messing with the fuse box, the Shadow Man began to throw itself against the glass wall. Violently, these bangs rang out into the dark room, reverberating off of the walls and through the air. I ran out of the building and didn’t come back until noon the next day, when I was sure the sun would be at its brightest.
Aside from that night, the Shadow Man experiment was going pretty well until James called us into the lab at three in the morning. He took me aside, leaving the others in the observation room. James was freaking out as he threw a stack of papers on the table before us. “We fucked up.”
I picked up a few pages and thumbed through them, but I soon realized that, as they were all in Russian, I didn’t understand a word of it. I asked him what was wrong and what all of these papers were.
He told me that they were new publications from the scientists in Russia, the ones studying the Shadow Man. “They’re all dead now. The whole town just fucking vanished.” He went on about how after two weeks of their experiment, just a few days longer than our own experiment has lasted, they started noticing changes in the Shadow Man. It was becoming malevolent. Then, it disappeared.
James explained that the papers in my hand were the last publications the scientists released about the Shadow Man, saying that on several occasions, the creature tried to harm the scientists. The physical attacks started small, with the Shadow Man clawing and scratching the research team, but quickly escalated into life threatening incidents, even putting one of the scientists in the hospital.
As if this wasn’t scary enough, James continued, telling me that the Shadow Man got out of the Russian lab, which was certainly much better equipped than ours was. He rifled through the scattered pieces of paper on the table before pulling out an article from a Russian newspaper about six scientists found dead in an empty laboratory. They were ripped apart. An animal attack, the police officers believed.
“Now look at this,” James handed me another article. “Everyone in the town surrounding the lab died the same way.”
I started at the papers in front of me, not wanting to believe what James was telling me.
“What have we done?”
Maybe we should have waited for the results of the Russian experiment before trying to replicate it. I knew that we had to leave. I planned on staying with family living two states away, but James said that we had to kill the Shadow Man. Reluctantly, I agreed, knowing that I wouldn’t feel right about letting everyone in the city die, but I made James promise that if we couldn’t kill this thing in two days, we would leave. He agreed, and with some persuasion, the others did too.
Nothing could kill the Shadow Man. Not guns, knives, poison, we even tried spraying it with Raid. We just made it angrier.
All of us decided to leave the lab the next morning. We gathered all of our data on the Shadow Man and left it on the table, knowing that whenever the building was sold, someone would find it, and maybe even believe it.
Before we were able to leave, door to the observation room flew off its hinges, smacking against the wall and toppling onto the floor. We sprinted toward the exit, but only James and I made it out. The two of us stood outside, listening to the screaming from in the building. Abruptly, it ended, and James and I took off, not wanting to wait for the Shadow Man to come for us.
We came back two days later, and we found what was left of Jane smeared on the floor and walls. Lisa Altman, the fourth member of our team, tried to escape the observation room via a fifth story window. After seeing what happened to Jane, I can tell you that Lisa was better off.
This is my apology to you. The Shadow Man experiment was a mistake, and I fully admit that what we did was wrong, even if it’s not going to change anything. I’ve been scouring the internet for days, and there has been no mention of the Shadow Man anywhere. Hopefully, that means the Russians and us are the only ones who have been dumb enough to conjure it. James stopped returning my calls yesterday. The Shadow Man caught up with him. I know that I’m as good as dead.
I leave you with this. Ever since the beginning, the Shadow Man gave me a weird vibe. I was always frightened of it. Please follow your instincts and think twice before you get involved with things like this. If you do, just for a moment consider the consequences.
Regretfully,
Richard Banks
The first tape is from a camera mounted on the wall of what is assumed to be the observation room Dr. Banks describes in his letter. Four people look into a room behind a wall of glass. The footage is low quality, but five candles, three of which are unlit, surrounding scattered pieces of scrap metal, are visible in the room.
In the middle of the room behind the glass wall, a figure appears. It is dark and inky and matches almost perfectly Dr. Banks’ descriptions. The scientists are clearly excited as they begin to observe the entity, which remains completely still inside the observation room. All of them frantically scratch down notes and snap photos.
The second tape, released from police custody after an investigation into the disappearances of the scientists, contains footage of what is believed to be the night the Shadow Man escaped. It appears to have been filmed by the same camera as the first tape. All four members of the research team are in the lab, cautiously watching the Shadow Man from behind the glass.
The Shadow Man seems to disappear for a moment, and then launches itself at the thick metal door, ripping it off its hinges. The door lands on the laboratory floor five feet from the wall of the observation room. Richard Banks and James Weldon run out of the room. Lisa Altman forces open a window and quickly jumps out of it.
Jane Adams stands in the middle of the room, frozen. The Shadow Man pauses for a moment before darting across the room and throwing itself onto Jane. When it moves, its limbs swing out almost comically, but in such a way that they should not have allowed the entity to move at all, much less as rapidly as it did. The Shadow Man rips apart Jane Adams, flinging pieces of her flesh across the room, tearing her down to the bone. The Shadow Man then exits the observation room through the open door, eyes never leaving the camera as it leaves.
Local police departments in the surrounding area have reported a spike in reports of animal attacks and sightings of a “disturbing figure” stalking the town. Neither Dr. Richard Banks nor any of his potentially living associates have been located.
Credit: K. Brown
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

His voice echoes through my conscience over and over again. I remember his face was a sickly, yellow color. The corners of his mouth were veiled with blood; the sound of the air- pacemaker was just as I’d imagined it would sound. The oropharyngeal airway stuck out from the corner of his mouth with clear, flexible tubes in his arms, the catheter and noiseless nurses repeatedly coming in and out of the room wearing teal and blue scrubs. His chest rose and fell in jagged cycles like a conveyor belt ready to give out. He looks like a Holocaust victim as my dad would say. I was in agony seeing him in this condition; it was not my brother I was seeing. What I’d seen was something no human should have to bear witness. The staff at the hospital told us he would not be leaving his hospital bed alive, my mother fell in her chair and began to weep. As we sat with him, we simply could not bear to watch him suffer any longer.
“If we remove the pacemaker and ease back on the dopamine he’ll be able to hear your voices; however, if we do that he will most likely die within minutes.” The doctor said. “If that is what you wish…”
We wanted it to be over with, all of it. My father nodded and gave her permission to proceed. When his eyes finally opened, I felt unwell; his eyes were just as yellow as his skin was. The blood vessels in his eyes were touched afire. The struggle, the gasps for air, the suffering on his face filled me with contempt and resentment towards everything in this existence. I cursed God; I damned him for everything, I damned all the Son’s of Adam and the daughters of Eve.
“We love you, Brian; we’ll always be a family of five.” My father said.
Finally his face went slack and his body became still. The doctor came in and checked his vitals. His eyelids were slightly parted; I could still see the sickly, yellow color in his eyes. She looked up at my mother with a disdainful look that made my heart sink all the way down into my belly.
“I’m sorry, he’s passed…” she said.
I grabbed hold of my mother and brought her close to my chest the way she did for me when I was young. We stood there and she sobbed in my arms for the longest time. Just like yesterday he was gone. My whole family wept, but for some unknown reason I could not. I did not understand why, I should have been crying like a travailing woman, but I didn’t. Instead, I knelt beside his bed and clutched his hand for a little while, just wanting to feel him one last time. His body was still warm; I could still feel the life that once coursed through him. Not the cold, stiff, synthetic feeling it would have after being caked with embalming fluid.
I leaned in and kissed his forehead, “I’ll always love you. You’ll always be my big brother…” I whispered.
I can’t speak for elsewhere, but here on Earth there is a fair supply of everything. We manufacture chairs, transistors, scissors, teacups, and dams. There are the goods in life: clothes fresh out of the dryer, singing in the shower, breaking perforated seals on just about anything, peeling a clementine in just one peel, a perfectly popped bag of popcorn, seeing a woman slip into a pair of jeggings, when the Starbucks barista spells your name right, a box of corgi puppies. The world is filled with these things, but it is also filled with the bad stuff. House fires, thoughts of suicide, divorce, cancer, the New York stock exchange and Rupert Murdoch. For me the bad stuff never seemed to end, but one solemn day in October I saw how much worse things could get. Things turned for the worst imaginable and on this day Death was rapping away at my door asking for me.
October 25th
It had been a little more than a year since that night in the hospital. That day I’d been driving for longer than I could remember. The east was not wedged with apartment complexes, gridlock traffic jams and boisterous barking dogs. Freetown was an urban area which resembled something out of a colonial painting; the town itself lied on the southeast region of Bristol County. Most of the houses were built with vinyl sidings; there were newly paved roads and families walking hand-in-hand down the sidewalk. I looked down at the navigation system on my phone; I was just a few miles away now.
“Turn left on Sesame Seed Avenue then follow for three-quarters of a mile.” it broadcasted.
The closer I got the less of people I saw. Residents in these parts were more spread out than others elsewhere in this neck of the country, but when I got closer to the woods border it became more perceptible to me.
I drove up to a four-way intersection and came across a very old, tumbledown wood-sign settled just off to the side of the road with the words “Wampanoag Indian Reservation”. The paint was eroded by years of rainfall and other attributes. Then I noticed a fallen marker sign with the words inscribed on it “Freetown State Forest-1.5 miles”. The sign was corroded with rust and overgrown in moss, but it was still legible enough to read. Odd no one fixed it I thought, you would think the town would try and replace it, but they did not.
A few minutes go by and I came up to a small shoppette, “Main Street market”. It looked like an establishment out of the pioneer era. The twenty-by-ten market fortified with chicory sidings and a hitching post out front; the only thing that was missing was a billboard sign mounted above the store’s entrance titled “Guns. Pistols- Ammunition. Hardware and Tinware” and a little sub-note that said “Guns & pistols repaired”. There was a neon sign advertising Coors Light fizzing away in the window. I thought it’d be wise to stock up on snacks and maybe a spare set of batteries. I pulled into the dirt lot, my vehicle rose and fell like an ocean current kicking up clouds of dust. The lot was completely empty; no sign of any other vehicles, not even the store owner’s vehicle, but the sign clearly read “Open”. When I walked in I found myself greeted by a man with a shit eating grin who looked like he had just crawled out of a bottle of gin. His face was old and haggard, his hair and skin was as white as the blossoms of an almond tree. He whistled an indistinct melody, the likes of which I had never heard before, the tune was rather daunting as if forewarning its listeners about something. He wore a blue smock brandishing his store’s logo on it. Another man with similar features was in the far corner stocking shelves with cans of pickled okra. The room had a strange aroma to it; it reminded me of moldy Roquefort cheese (odd but more pleasant than one might think).
“Hi there!” the man exclaimed.
Not being rude I replied with, “Hello, sir.” while offering a tentative smile.
The man grinned widely at my response, “What can I do for ya, son?”
“Jus’ lookin’ for a few things is all.”
“You lemme know if you need any help, k?”
“Yes sir!” I replied. Our conversation following that introduction would not be so pleasant.
Fifteen minutes pass by and I gather what provisions I feel I would need for my journey. I returned to the counter where the old store clerk was posted.
“What’s your name, son?” the man asked.
“Scott,” I replied, “Scott Connors.”
“Please to make yer acquaintance, Mista Connors.” The man’s accent was very thick. It was the accent of your standard Eastern New Englander. He extended one hand over the counter in an effort to shake my hand, like what most men in this part of the world do when making introductions. I grasped his hand, they were just as worn and damaged as his face was, and his fingernails were yellowed, probably from years of smoking Rothman Royals. I could tell he was a smoker; the moment I walked up to the counter I immediately picked up on the scent of nicotine; the man was a walking ashtray.
“Name’s Rich, Richard Wright; but people call me Dick fur short.” he replied.
“Please to meet you, Mr. Wright.”
“Neva seen you around dese parts befo’, son. And I’m one ta notice a face when I’ve seen it a time ur two.”
“I’m originally from a little town out west called South Hadley.”
“Neva heard of it.”
“Not too many people have.” I replied.
“What brings ya all the way out here to the Bridgewater Triangle?” he asked.
I saw no harm in his question; I felt no reason not to tell him, so I did. “Just takin’ a little excursion on my day-off; I like to hike, especially this time of year with all the foliage.”
He glanced at me peculiarly while he packaged my items. “I thought it’d be nice to go on a little trek thru Freetown forest.”
The sound of falling canned items from one of the shelves behind me caught my attention. When I looked over my shoulder I noticed the other man sprawling out onto the floor to retrieve the fallen canned items. The look on his face was one I will not forget; it was one of abysmal frozen horror. A bemused looked dawned on my face; when I turned back to Mr. Wright I found the expression on his face was one much similar to that of the other man’s. At first I could not explain the livid terror which had dropped over his face at that moment. Mr. Wright stared down at me from behind the counter; he looked at me like I had tree branches growing out of my ears. The pallor on the man’s face was uncommonly difficult to explain.
“Now what business das a youngin like yerself hava goin’ out into dose woods?” he asked me.
“I’ve been searching for something. No treasure or any other fiddle-faddle of that sort. Just
searchin’ for some closure is all.”
He rubbed the stubby wattles on his chin; I could see he was searching for the correct way to tell me something rather important. Being a stranger and all there was always some folklore the ol’ timers in this neck of the woods had to tell any passerby or “outsiders” was perhaps the more preferred terminology people had for us these days. This wasn’t my first experience being an “outsider”, every time my family and I went out to eat at Fish Tails in Whatley we were always greeted by a roomful of unpleasant facial expressions. People from that region did not take too kindly to anyone who was from outside of the area, or was not one of German or Polish decent.
“Son, I promise you dere ain’t nothin’ in those woods worth vistin’, its jus’ a bad place…”
“What are you gettin’ at, ol’ timer?”
“There are places in the world where strangeness seems to gravitate and dis be one of ‘em.” he replied. “People go missin’ in those woods all the time and neva turn up. It’s like they walked off the face of de earth.” He confided in me.
“How can that be?” I asked him skeptically.
“I can’t say whether it’s the topography, geography or jus’ some other enigmatic power that causes dese tings, but they just keep happenin’.”
“Well, ol’ timer, you got my attention. So why don’t you tell me what lives in Freetown Forest?” I said sounding somewhat condescending, but the ol’ timer overlooked my pompous behavior for more important things were happening here.
He exchanged glances with the man from across the room for a moment then returned his gaze toward me. “Awe I hate dis, but it got to be done…” he said, and then he sighed. It was the sigh of a man who had set down a heavy burden and knows he must now pick it up again. “Evil, my boy…” he said sharply, a short silence befell the room. I thought for a moment the old man was having me on but then I realized by the look in his eyes that he was as serious as the fifth act of a tragedy. “Originally tis here land belonged to the Whamp-anu-gg or Whamppuag or whatever dem here calls It.”
“The Wampanoag?” I asked.
With one crooked finger the old timer pointed it at me and shook it vigorously with approval, “Dat’s the one!” he said. “The Wampanoag tribe, in da early days of the new world the Wampanoag tribe was driven from dese parts. Rumors floated around dat tis town was settled on an ol’ Indian reservation. They say the valley is cursed ur somethin’. Jus’ a plethora of unexplained occurrences happen fro’ time ta time. The place just has a foul aura about it.”
“I’ve heard the stories.” I could hear just how sardonic my voice sounded.
“Have you been told about the murder of Mary Lou Arruda in ‘78?” he asked me.
I shook my head, “I can’t say I have.” the name did not sound familiar as I feel I would recognize a name such as Mary Lou- Arruda.
“November 1978, da poor girl was found tied to a tree. Her killer beat her within an inch of her life then left ‘er for da wolves. Autopsy said when she los’ consciousness the weight of her body caused stress on her neck an’ ensuing asphyxiation.”
“They ever find who did it?”
“Fortunately, yes. A man by the name of, James Kater, a donut maker in Raynham, Mass. It wasn’t the first and it certainly wouldn’t be da las’. Dere are otha things crawlin’ around in those woods. I would not venture dere alone or after dark.”
“Well, Mr. Wright, I’m all ears.” I said. There I go again with the condescending tone of mine, I just can’t help myself, can’t I?
“Bout ten years ago, two young backpackers were hikin’ along Haskal path when a tree gave way. Da roots must’ve gone sour; dat thing came tumblin’ down on top of ‘em both, killin’ them instantly. When the firefighters managed to lift the damn thing off of ‘em they looked like a steamroller had plowed over their poor bodies. The funeral parlor had to make the services closed casket. Then jus’ six years back, Maggie Lawrence, over on Bolton Avenue lost her dog, Chipper, in doze woods. Three weeks later he turns up at her front door step, bloody to a pulp and mad wit’ disease. He came back not the friendly cohort she raised but an abomination whose only intentions were ta rip her throat out. Da thing wreathed wit’ an odious stench. Maggie says he smelt like somethin’ that had been festering out in the hot sun for too long, like decaying flesh or somethin’. Animal Control came by an’ put two rounds in ol’ Chipper’s head. But a minute later, da damn thing got back up and started chargin’ da feller who shot ‘em. Poor sonuveabitch lost an eye. Took two men to pull the damn thing off of em, they put two more rounds in its head then they cremated the body. I don’t know very much, son; but I do knows when somethin’ doesn’t go down after two slugs in da temple, dat it’s not somethin’ of this world. Then again a few years back, a family I tink dere name was Fitzgerald ur somethin’ and there three kids” he pronounced three like tree, “came tru ‘ere lookin’ for stuff for a family hike. I remember da children so vividly. De eldest’s name was Mark, the middle was Alex, and den tere was the youngest, Brenna.” He said as a look of despondency dawned on his face in that moment, “Sweet lil angel she was. I tol’ da father about dat place like I done wit’ you but he wouldn’t have any of it.”
“What happened?” I asked now intrigued by the ol’ timer’s story.
“Two hours went by, I was gettin’ ready to close up shop when da father kicked in da door wit’ his lil girl in his arms. Her head hung like a dyin’ flower when he carried her, her eyes were wide and her body was swollen all over.” That wrinkled look on his face worsened the more he spoke, “She’d fallen into a pit of rattlers.”
Rattlers? I thought questionably, “Owe, you mean rattlesnakes?” I asked.
“Dat’s what I mean, rattlers.” he replied. “Poor child was bitten from head ta toe and died from the venom before da parents had a chance to get her to the car.”
I sighed, it was a tragedy nonetheless and I know a thing or two about tragedies. “Well,” I replied, “I think I should be safe from rattlers. The cold this time of year has surely driven them underground till the spring.”
“The Devil’s pawns also occupy tem woods; Devil worshipers, Satanists, or as like to call tem wackadoodles. People see dem every now and again at night from the light of their fires committing strange and unspeakable deeds. The wickedness of dat place draws them to it.”
“I’ll be cautious about where I go, sir.”
“You bes’ also bring protection with you, people usually do specially when they go walkin’ around before sunset. You hear strange noises after sundown.”
“What kind of strange noises?”
“Sounds like cryin’ ur wailing comin’ from the tree tops. Locals who live nearby thinkin’ maybe the Pukwudgie is close by doin’ a bit of swift traveling.”
“And what is the Pukwudgie, pray?” I asked a bit irritated because I could not prevent that sudden shiver of the nerves when I mentioned the word itself. I knew I was close upon the man’s terror and the cause of it.
“Jus’ an ol’ wives tale they use to tell around campfires in lumber camps back when I was a boy. Nothin’ but what those lousy fellars believes when they been hittin’ the whiskey bottle too hard. A sort of great animal dat lives up yonder.” He said jerking his head northwards, “Quicker than lightening in its tracks, smaller than most that lives in the bush but is said to be very dangerous, and ain’t supposed to be too good to look at is all.” The ol’ timer sighed, this time sounding a bit flustered and took out a pack of Rothman Royals from his blouse pocket. He packed them, took one out and put it between his lips. He continued to speak while he searched for his lighter.
“Don’t let em catch you, son. If it does it’ll split you open from mouth to anus and wear your skin like a raincoat.”
I tittered at his remarks, thinking this was child’s play the ol’ timer should have grown out of years ago. For a moment nothing else was said, I just looked at the old man contemplating whether he was a gifted liar or whether he had a few marbles rolling around upstairs. He found his lighter, lit the end portion and drew deeply on it.
“I’ve heard it all before and I must say all of it is more farfetched than I could have imagined.”
I continued snickering but the ol’ timer just stood there not amused by my lack of seriousness.
“Maybe it is.” he said. I could tell by the look on his face that none of my previous experiences would tread water against what lied in store for me. “But I’ve lived here since it was jus’ flatland and dirt roads and in that time I’ve learned to keep an open mind.”
I nodded at his remark; accepting him for what he may believe is living or not living in those woods.
“You still intend on goin’, donchya?”
“I do.” I replied.
“I can see dere’s nothin’ I can say that’ll change yer mind.”
“Listen carefully, son.” said the ol’ timer “Stay on the trail, no matta what do not float off da path, or else you’ll be lost in dose woods an’ neva be found.”
I could not take his warning seriously. These woods were not as vast as they once were; the forest couldn’t be more than fifty or sixty miles in size. It seemed very difficult to get yourself lost in there for all eternity.
“And stay away from Hockomock swamp. Da mist and da marsh can tinker wit’ your mind.”
I had heard rumors about Hockomock swamp; people around these parts refer to it as “The Devil’s Swamp”.
“I’ll wait here at dis counter till sundown. If you don’t walk thru dat door.” he said pointing his crooked finger to the doorway I entered, “I’m callin’ the police chief and tell ‘em we got owselves anotha transient who went stickin’ his nose where it doesn’t belong.”
“I hear ya, ol’ timer.” I replied, “I promise, I’ll be out of those woods and on the road again before dusk.” but ol’ Mr. Wright did not believe a word of it; he just stared at me with the stone-cold, hazel eyes of his. As I walked out the door and back toward my car the two men continued on with the conversation as I left.
“You had no business lettin’ em go.” said the other man across the room.
“Dere was nothin’ stoppin’ him from goin’.” Mr. Wright replied, “This is somethin’ he’ll need to figure out on his own.” he drew deep on his cigarette and held it for a moment or two, as he exhaled an opaque cloud of smoke wafted across the room.
“Boy’s really brave, really stupid or really ignorant or all of de above.” Wright said.
“I’d go wit’ option D.” the other man replied, “Typical millennial generation, am I right?” and giggled at his response. Ol’ Wright looked over at the other man stacking cans of pickled okra and smiled a bit but he did not laugh. Ol’ Wright just stood leaned over on the counter looking like he was coming down with a fever. In his eyes you could see the fear looming inside of him. That maybe the las’ anyone will see of dat boy he thought to himself.
What kinda of fool did he take me for? I asked myself, what a load shit that was.
“The Pukwudgie?” I asked, just the way it rolled off of my tongue sounded wacky.
A few more minutes in that place and I would’ve turned crazy like Casey Anthony.
As I turned off onto an unpaved side road a metal frame sign was posted up at the intersection, it read “Copicut Road”. The ground was eroded and still laved by the runoff from the rainfall the night before. The placid water splashed my windshields leaving my field of sight veiled with an accumulation of lumpy, mush. I continued driving, passing the occasional pick-up truck veered off to the side of the road and even a group of hikers marching along both sides of the road in staggered formation; it reminded me of an army ruck march. Make sure you’re careful and make sure you wear your neon strap around your backpack, its turkey and pheasant season, those woods will be teemin’ with hunters my granddad told me the night before. I wasn’t entirely sure what my reasons were for coming this far out of my way just to walk these trails, but I knew it had something to do with Brian. I needed closure and I knew I would not find that anywhere close to home, but what would I be proving by traveling out here.
3:26 PM
I found a spot that looked rather promising. I parked my car off to the side of the road and loaded my backpack. Last minute accountability check, a roast beef sandwich, two Special- K pastry bars, two tangerines, a banana, a bottle of water, a bottle of PowerAde, a nutrigrain bar, a flash light (with a spare set of batteries), a spare pair of socks, my vanguard buck knife which I strapped to my belt for easy access, a portable med-kit with a cylindrical canister of Rawleigh antiseptic salve I bought at the market. Lastly there was my Smith & Wesson .38 Snubnose revolver, or as the golden agers liked to call “a lemon-squeezer”. While at the time I was not swayed by Mr. Wright’s outlandish ghost stories, I was still not one who liked to venture out on his own without a contingency plan. What’s that old sayin’? The pessimist looks down and hits his head, while the optimist looks up and loses his footing, and the realist looks forward and adjusts his path accordingly.
I took the revolver and tucked it into my back waistband for quick access purposes.
I looked and saw the marker sign hammered to a tree trunk, it read “Hathaway trail”. There was no ulterior motive behind my choice; I just felt I was far enough away from people now and I could be with just myself. I started meandering down the trail’s long path. I looked up and saw the crisp, copper leaves on the trees; they swayed back and forth in the autumn wind, my cheeks were flush red by the harsh cold, but it did not trouble me in the least bit. At last I thought, peace and quiet.
Hours go by and nothing thus far. I was beginning to think I was right about ol’ Mr. Wright being off his rocker. The forest was content; all except for the just barely audible noise of cars on the highway, meaning I wasn’t entirely cut off from civilization. The clouds lingered overhead like schooners, sailing slowly above me, trailing their shadows like wakes. I came across an old ‘58 Plymouth Fury with most of its original character despite its rusted exterior. The vehicle’s naturally red exterior was scorched by decades of rust, its corroded color was like carnelian or perhaps more like red velvet cake. What was once an extravagant piece of luxury was now just a piece of scenery reclaimed by nature and completely buried in foliage and pine straw.
I then noticed something, it didn’t mean anything at first, but it struck me as being out-of-place. It sounded like a tree branch snapping. Not a light snap, but more of a heavy break like something forcing its weight down on top of the fallen limb. I looked over my shoulder and listened for a moment or two, there was nothing after that. Perhaps it was just another hiker, or an animal passing by but it sounded too heavy to be anything small like a possum, or a raccoon. It had to be something fairly large, but I did not let that idea hang around in my mind for too long.
I proceeded walking for a little while longer then made haven on a broad table of rock that was positioned up a steep slope overlooking the lower basin. I could not see very much as the trees and undergrowth obstructed my view. Black bear and white-tailed deer once roamed this valley many decades ago. Nowadays, the black bear population had been depleted due to excess hunting and while white-tailed deer were still native to this valley and places west of here, they were scarcer due to mankind’s yearning for ownership of land. Places this far east were mostly colonized, so moments like these in places like this were in short supply these days.
I unlatched my bag and took out the bottle of water. By the time I was done sipping the bottle I had managed to drink nearly three quarters of it. I then proceeded to eat one of the tangerines, the nutrigrain bar and one of the Special-K bars I brought along with me. I was about ready to eat my sandwich when I decided my appetite wasn’t quite there yet. I rested my head against a slab of rock that protruded out of the hilltop. I leaned back and shut my eyes for a little; I wanted to catch my breath before I continued on. I set the timer on my phone to wake me in about fifteen minutes. I closed my eyes and then I awoke to the sound of my alarm going off. The birds in the trees still sang confidently, the crows were cawing in a vexatious manner and I felt as if I had just shut my eyes a few moments ago, but that was just a natural feeling people have when they’re tired. While it was tempting to stay in that area for a little while longer and go on sleeping like Rip Van Winkle I had places to be right then. I brushed myself off, shouldered my bag and continued walking.
I’d been walking for a long time, by then I had explored those woods for hours searching for anything to substantiate its reputation for an unholy ambiance. Soon enough I came across an open field sheathed with what appeared to be barberry bushes, but I was not entirely certain. The crimson color reminded me of a burning field painting by a woman named Karin Goeppert. I’d seen the painting once before hanging at the Mount Holyoke art museum. Its vastness and ashy, murky colors were mesmerizing. It felt like there was some unknown force inside of me telling me to go take a walk. The next thing I knew I was off the path and into the field of barberry bushes.
Walking along, taking in all its beauty and splendor. Then again my journey was interrupted; I heard what sounded like footfalls moving just up ahead in front of me. It didn’t sound like chipmunks. No, whatever this was it was much too large to be any small game. A buck maybe, or a coyote perhaps, but it sounded like bare feet galloping across the grubby forest floor. Something was definitely moving out there-something big. The sound seemed to be emanating from the cover of tree branches about twenty yards ahead of me. I could not see anything as the long tree trunks and branches thwarted me view. The trees were covered in dim shadows allowing the interloper to move about unseen. I stood frozen to the ground for a minute, waiting, listening, and watching. Whatever it was, I was beyond certain it was still there and it was still watching me; hunkered down to the ground, staring at me with great intent. I slowly moved my hand back towards where my .38 was posted. I wrapped my fingers around the warm, leather grip, tinkering with the hammer on its backside. I waited another moment till finally I drew the pistol out and fired one round into the air. The crash of the bullet cleared my ear drums and sounded like a rocket launch. I heard it again; the interloper was now moving away from me, each passing second it retreated farther and farther back into the forest.
I stood there for a minute listening to the sounds of its footfalls against the underbrush and falling tree branches. Whatever it was its gone now I thought to myself. But what if it comes back? A wary voice in my head asked me. If it comes back, then next time I won’t shoot up…
4:55 PM
The sun was now falling over the Appalachian Mountains; I was walking up a steep slope. The trails were swathed with trash; Starbucks Styrofoam coffee cups, bags of Lays potato chips, Doritos, Fritos and candy wrappers. There was graffiti on some of the rocks that jutted out of the hillside; some rather insightful and some rather cliché. One piece of scripture that stood out to me was a message on a boulder embedded into the hillside that read…
WE ARE
INFINITE
I could not help but laugh out loud; I thought it was sort of an impractical thing to write, kids will say anything to sound insightful these days. While the quote was very ambiguous
I had my ideas as to what the writer was projecting to his readers. Kids these days thinking there was nothing they could not achieve; that they were limitless, impossible to measure. It was all just a load of rubbish, nothing in this world lasts forever and nothing in this world is perfect (I should know that better than most people) but I digress.
I walked along listening to the sounds of the birds on the tree tops, the crickets were itching their legs into an autumn humming, and frogs were throat swollen like ladies with goiters shouting up into the evening sky and the occasional rattling pitch of a woodpecker. Then suddenly, I felt coldness in my veins. A loud wailing sound from up ahead, as soon as I heard it I teared up, consider me “pussy” but I knew something was approaching from uphill. Not an animal or a person but a sound that seemed rather distant but was closing in fast. It was moving so fast that I would expect to see the origin of it at any moment. There was no grotesque shape or large unthought-of beast, but instead a maniacal laughter flew down the hillside in frenzied cycles. I could hear the voice on the wind calling my name, it was so close now and I feel as if the origin of the laughter was without form, no embodiment to call home, just a loud and sharp voice that might make an incriminating shadow along the seam of my pants. I listened to the sound as it moved all around me. The wind began to pick up speed; heaps of leaves drew out from the forest and flew right past me. The revolver tucked into my back belt loop felt useless now. The voice rose and fell into a guttural, chuckling before it faded out all together. In that moment I felt as if I had just seen (or heard was perhaps the more suitable way to describe it) a poltergeist.
The cold laughter was gone and the monotonous whine of the wind returned. I struggled as a wad of spit lodged itself in my throat, my chest rose in jagged cycles as I forced out a murky, yellow wad of lung butter onto the rocky surface. I stood staring stolidly into the abyss of the woods asking myself what it was that I just saw happen. Then I decided to not to let ol’ man Wright’s fairytales get the best of me.
“A loon,” I said, “just a loon…”
A loon, a voice inside my head asked me, at this time of year?
“Yeah…” I whispered; just a flock of them on their annual migration south to the Carolina’s or Georgia maybe.
The sky was painted with mahogany, orange and purple as the sun drowned in the horizon, the clouds held the promise of a calm and peaceful night. It’s time I start headin’ back.
I looked down at my wrist watch and doubled back for a second when I realized the time was incorrect. My watch said 3: 25 PM but there was no way that could be true. Damn things broken again I told myself. But I didn’t falter, I reached for my phone in my back pocket, unfortunately I was all out of juice there, just one problem after the other. I was a man in the woods without any way of telling time or any form of communication. No matter, I’ll just double back the way I came and eventually I should hit the main road, easy-peazy-lemon-squeezy.
I was nowhere closer to where I’d parked my car. Everything looked the same; the night sky loomed in the far distance. My heart ached when I realized I had not seen any mile markers, or any sign of people for at least an hour. I found myself inadvertently peering back over my shoulder from time to time, as if I’d hoped to find a man in a black hood and cassock standing behind me. After all, the ol’ timer mentioned the devil’s pawns occupied these here woods. Had there been any, surely I would have seen them by now, wouldn’t I? A million follow-up questions grazed across mind. My brain was so rattled that I couldn’t tell which way was up and which way was down. I stopped on the trail just for a sec; I unstrapped my sack and began to dig through it. A large word in neon red letters lit inside my mind at this point, the word was Eureka! I’d found the flashlight I’d brought with me. I turned it on; its radiance exceeded my expectations. I proceeded down the slope, the forest was now without sound, and while it struck me as being odd, it didn’t put a damper on my confidence. I was still not convinced there was anything supernatural going on in Freetown forest.
I was worried but I’d remembered looking at a map before I came out here and on that map I remembered there was a brook somewhere nearby, Rattlesnake Brook. The thing I remembered most from survival training in the army was if you ever find yourself lost in the woods and do not have access to a compass, a map, a protractor or a pencil then search for running water. Running water always leads to the ocean, where there is ocean there is civilization, and where there is civilization there is people. I felt as if my confidence was restored. Shouldn’t be too hard to find, all I have to do is be patient and listen for running water, I thought to myself.
My field of vision grew dim and I was losing the light quickly. Then I heard something, something I felt I should not hear this far out in the woods. It sounded like laughter, like a child’s laughter. I turned and did a one-eighty spin. Where was it coming from? I asked myself.
“Is someone there?” I called out shyly, but no one replied.
Then just up ahead something entered my peripheral vision, a blurry mix of grey and white ran from one side of the path to the other. It moved on all fours like a chimp, but the thing I remembered definitively about it were just three bony fingers on each hand passing through the bush. I’d never seen my own two feet work like they did that day; I began sprinting in the opposite direction howling with uncontrollable fright. I went off the trail and started fumbling through the tree branches and thorn bushes. I did my best to keep my speed on pace, I was moving faster than an old maid trying to catch the bridal bouquet. As the brush thickened I soon couldn’t tell which direction I was running now. My pant leg got caught only for a moment or two, but I managed to shimmy myself free and kept on moving.
I saw an opening just up ahead where the darkened sky peered down on top of me. I jolted through those bushes and leaped out into the open, but when I realized I was not standing in a field, my heart sank. I felt as if I’d stepped in some runoff from a sewage pipe. The stench hit me first, the mixture of something rotten and something dead. I’d realized I had stepped into a bog; the mist draped itself around my knees, the ground was loose and moist. My feet had sunken maybe ten inches into the loose, grime ridden earth. I struggled to lift my ankles out from the mud; a loud suction noise followed by an outward rupture of mire and grunge as I pulled my feet free from the earth’s clasp. I lost my balance only for a moment, but it was enough to send me tumbling backwards into the tree line. I felt like a bottle of suds that was shook too hard. I felt as if my mind fabricated everything out of thin air, sheer desperation or another part of me that took pleasure in watching me struggle; feeding off my anxiety. There was no more containing it, I was frightened and I was lost.
“GOD DAMNIT!” I yelled, “Owe Jesus find me in the Alps. What do you want from me?!”
It wasn’t until afterwards I’d discovered I had stepped into Hockomock swamp. Something overcame me, I felt fatigued all of a sudden, as if I’d just ran the Boston Marathon. My eyesight doubled, I shook my head trying hard not to pass out. A regiment of black moths clouded my vision; I could feel myself beginning to tip backwards. My stomach felt bilious, this was a fight between me and my stomach and I was losing badly. Remember what the ol’ timer said, the mist and the marsh tinkers with your mind. I had to get out of that place and quickly, had I stayed there any longer I would have fainted and fallen face first into the marsh and would be a late night snack for whatever came passing by. I turned back and tried to find my bearings, but I froze when I saw it.
“The Hell is that?” I asked myself. An animal My conscience replied. The thing was tangled in the weeds and the forest’s undergrowth. I moved cautiously towards it. It’s dead. It was a deer at one point, but now it was just a memory. It was split open like a piñata; its face was half-gone, a whole section was torn out from its chest, its ribs were picked clean, its entrails lay on the ground partly eaten, the blood was hardened and black like a woodchuck’s asshole. Its eyes…What happened to its eyes? I thought. In the place where its eyes should have been were two vacant, black holes. It took its eyes. This wasn’t hunger, this wasn’t instinct this was…rage a raspy voice in my head replied.
Abomination was the first word that came to mind. Only something so horrible could do something so evil. Then I began contemplating what might have actually been the wrongdoer in this act. A coyote I considered it for a minute, but I knew right away I was wrong. No, not a coyote, coyotes don’t do this; A lynx if large enough, perhaps? Then I heard an indistinct voice join in the conversation. It was a voice I had no association with before in my life. The voice sounded prim and proper with an icy undertone that was overflowing with pique. You know what did this…the cold voice replied. It’s been watching you…
“There’s no such thing as a Pukwudgie…” I said and would continue to repeat to myself over and over and over and over again.
Must we play games, my inquisitive friend? We both know you are just lying to yourself the voice said tauntingly. It takes their eyes so no one has to bear witness to its revolting appearance.
“Why don’t you just piss off already?” I said now trying to shoo away the voice.
Just like that it left, did not put up much of a fight. Perhaps my frustration was enough to drive it off, but it would be back, that much I was certain. It would let me win this round, but it would be back.
Beside the animal’s remains in the marsh I saw what appeared to be deep impressions like something on all fours had bolted off. They proceeded northward in the opposite direction from which I’d come. Whatever it was it’s since moved on elsewhere. Lord knows whatever mauled this deer may come back. Let the meats ripen some more before it comes back and finishes the leftovers. The sun was almost entirely gone now and I was still no closer to finding my way out of this forsaken place. As I moved further and further away from the marsh I felt my vision begin to restore itself. The mesh of knots in my stomach vanished but I did not feel well again for in the back of my mind I knew something was with me back there in the bog, I could not shake the feeling that I was under surveillance, that something was watching me carefully from the trees.
I’d managed to find my way back onto one of the trails, but with there being very little daylight leftover from the afternoon I could not tell if I was going the right way (back towards the road) or the wrong way (further into the forest). My light flickered a time or two, the batteries were beginning to die but I was in no real danger of losing the light just yet for I was wary enough to purchase an extra set of batteries back at the Main Street market before coming into these woods. It may have been the best decision I had made thus far in my day, or possibly the remainder of my life I thought to myself.
I stopped along the trail, when I moved away from my mind and took a moment to listen to the sound of the woods. I was startled when I realized there was no sound. The sound of the birds in the tree branches were gone as well as the delicate movement of squirrels and chipmunks moving in the bushes. To the untrained eye (or ear) that seemed like nothing, but to a man such as me, nature does not go quiet unless there was something foreboding nearby. I opened the cylinder to my .38 and checked to make sure I got a good count on the number of rounds I had left. Four unused rounds still loaded in the cylinder along five more spares I had tucked away in my front, right pocket. I closed the cylinder and held the gun at the low and ready. I kept my finger outside the trigger guard; I did not want to risk startling myself and inadvertently waste a round. I had only nine casings left so I had to make them count. I lifted the flashlight and pointed it ahead. Then to the trail behind me something moved. I whirled around with the flashlight pointed down the trail and the revolver this time up and at the ready with my finger wrapped over the trigger. I was caught off guard by a man standing in the middle of the path about ten yards back. His arms were folded; he wore a long, black cassock and a hood like those satanic cultists ol’ Wright talked about. Was this one of ‘em, I asked myself, is this one of the cultists Mr. Wright spoke of?
“WHO ARE YOU?!” I yelled. The man did not reply he just stood there staring at me unresponsively through the black hood.
“SHOW YOURSELF!” I demanded, “LET ME SEE YOUR FACE!” I was now blaring orders at my concealed visitor. The man did not step forward nor did he speak, he merely withdrew his pale, white hands from the sleeves of his cassock and pulled back the cover from his face. When I finally saw what lied beneath the hood, the hand which wielded the revolver fell to my side. What I saw beneath the hood was something I could not fathom. It was the face of my deceased brother, Brian.
“It can’t be?”I whispered. The man in the cassock said nothing; he just continued staring at me.
“But I saw you die…” I said to the man. The woods was silent, the light in the sky was now gone and turned to a perpetual grey. The gentle wind blew up piles of leaves in dancing dervishes.
“WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!” my voice was no longer demanding but was enraged. “YOU CAN’T BE HIM! SO TELL ME WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!”
Finally the man in the cassock spoke, not with the same voice as my late brother but with the same cold voice that had spoken to me earlier in the back of my mind, “I am the Keeper of this place…”the voice was just as prim and proper as before but it did not sound so hateful like before. “I’ve lived in these woods for a very long time…”
“Why do you look like my brother?” I asked.
“I had to take the shape of someone you knew, I can appear as others if you’d like?” said the man in the cassock.
“Don’t…” I replied. While it was rather difficult to see his face again, it did me some good seeing him in good health and without the sickish, yellow tinge he wore on his skin in his final days.
“What do you want with me? Are you the reason I am lost?” I asked.
“I have not nor have I been responsible for any such ill-will acts.” the man replied. “As you’ve seen, I am not the only one who dwells within these woods. I am how you might say the warden here, the custodian, the curator, the guardian or just simply the keeper of the woods.” The man in cassock said in resentful tone. “There are other spiteful specters that live in these woods. You should’ve listened to the ol’ timer…this place is cursed.” I felt as if I were on the verge of crying, but my pride was every bit as important to me as the life which I held dearly to right then. Whether this man was real or not, balling in front of others was truly degrading in my opinion; I could not remember the last time I cried in front of others, not since I was young was my supposition. Not at the wake or the funeral or any other event following, or even that night when the pain hurt the most.
“That is what brought you here. Whether you believe in them or not you came here because of the reputation this forest holds. You may say that it is all rubbish, but before you answer that remember who you are speaking to.”
While I wanted to deny his claims, I could not lie to the man in the cassock; if he truly was what he says he was then lying to him would be as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
“I wanted to see if the myths were real or not…” I said in a husky, whining whisper, “I just wanted proof that there was something after this life, but-”
“But you did not anticipate your speculations would be true?” the man interjected.
I breathed deeply then asked the man, “What is it…The thing in the woods, the thing that’s been stalking me?”
The man in the cassock stared phlegmatically at me for a moment or two then he replied,
“It was once human…” I felt my heart skip a beat when he spoke. The thought of whatever it was out there and the thought that it was once a human frightened me dearly. “Now it is just a thing in the woods.”
“Will it kill me?” I asked now feeling like I was on the brink of falling onto the cold, dirt path and begin crying.
“Perhaps…” the man said questionably, as if he was not sure what the answer was himself.
“Is there any hope for me?”
“Perhaps…”
“Dammit is that all you can say to me?!”
The man did not reply this time, he just continued staring at me intently. Everything went quiet again for a minute then he began to speak.
“Why have you not visited him?”
“What?”
“Your brother’s grave, you have not visited him since his funeral.”
“Is this why you’re here? You’re here to chastise me?”
“No…” the man replied. “I simply want your answer, and then I will decide.”
“Decide on what?” I asked. To this the man made no reply.
I looked at him till my face turned red, then I decided not to waste anymore time.
“I-I don’t know…” I said as if I was on the verge of tears. “I’ve asked myself that same question so many times and so many times I come back with nothing. I feel as if I am a bad person, how much can a person love someone when there are no tears worth shedding? Part of me resents myself because of it. I wished I had sobbed like a little boy at his funeral, I wished I could release all of this hate I should feel…but instead I feel like a hollow shell. Just an empty space on the inside…”
We stood for a moment without saying anything. “Now,” I replied. “Are you satisfied?” I asked the man in the cassock.
“Yes.” The man replied.
“Now tell me, what is your answer?”
The man went for the longest time without saying anything, I thought I would have to yell at the top of my lungs but finally he said to me. “No…” he replied.
“No?” I asked.
“My answer is no. I cannot help you.”
“But you said-”
“I said I would hear your story that does not mean I will be the one to help you. Whether you survive or not is not up to me, son. That is up to you.” He said pointing one pale finger toward me. “I can’t guarantee the beast will keep away or that the vengeful spirits of this place will stay at bay, but in the end the decision falls on you…”
The more I listened, the more I felt I was speaking to my brother again and not some manifestation of a man in a black cassock.
“What happens is between you and him…”
“Who?” I asked.
“Him…” he pointed towards the sky, I looked up anticipating that I’d find the answer above me, but all I could see was the dark, blue atmosphere. Then I realized what he’d meant.
“You’re talkin’ about the big man upstairs?”
“To me he has no name, he is simply just him.” I laughed at his response.
“The last time I spoke to him for a favor, my brother died…so I do my best to stay out of his way.”
“I understand your animosity; humans are always so vindictive when a tragedy befalls them.
The soul’s journey is one of grace and pure misery. The cosmos guides us and nurtures us, much like a loving parent…”
For a man who resembles a cultist he seems so gentle.
“But that parent knows the value of tough love. Often it leads us into a place that brings us suffering and where that suffering can deepen our wisdom. And it is perfectly willing to allow us to make irrational choices which can lead to unbearable outcomes. Do you understand what I mean, son?” I did not respond to his question though.
The Keeper of the woods I thought to myself.
I had so many questions I wanted to ask but the next thing I remember, I was laying against a tree trunk off to the side of the trail. It was just a dream I told myself. An hour maybe an hour and a half had gone by no doubt, the sky was pitch-black and my flashlight flickered more frequently than before. Before I proceeded with anything else I quickly took out the spare set of Duracell AA batteries and replaced the ones in my flashlight. I felt comforted by the idea that the man in the black cassock was never real; however, I was not fully convinced that it was a dream. For no matter how hard I tried I could not remember falling asleep. I could not remember resting, (hardly seemed like the right time for it) I could not remember any break in my consciousness and it didn’t feel like a dream, that was what worried me most.
Suddenly the stillness of the forest was shattered by the most uncommon of sounds; it came without warning or audible approach and ricochet through the pine tops. It was a voice no doubt, a voice that was almost human-gruff yet despondent. It was a soft roaring voice overhead in the trees rather than on the ground. The sound reminded me of the time my family and I went to the Southwick zoo and visited the lynx habitat, this voice in some way resembled the sounds of those creatures. The voice rang out in three distinct notes, and then all at once they vanished, the sound was cut off like a phonograph needle lifted from a recording. I spun around, my gun drawn pointing in every direction. These sounds were awful and made me want to curl up into a ball and wait for someone to come and save me; but no one would save me now, there was no else around but myself and the thing in the woods. A choked cry for help forced itself up into my throat, but nothing came out. The woods was preternaturally silent again but then a sound not like before came rushing from beside. A scrabbling noise followed by the rustle of dry brush, something was coming.
Run my mind told me. Run and keep runnin’ till you can’t run no more. So I did, I ran with all my might up the path’s steep slope. The sound was ringing in my ears, it was all around me, and it swarmed over me. My lungs were set afire by the exertion and my muscles began to ache and grind like cogs in an old machine. Till finally I could run no more; I could not stand upright, the weight of my bag in conjunction with the terrain tired me out more quickly than I had anticipated. That awful sound still rang in my ears like wind chimes, but wind chimes played a pleasant jingle, the sound of the beast was lamentable. Then a new sound followed the screeching, a loud and vile cackle. It was in the trees laughing manically, savoring in the moment, letting the meat mellow in fear before gorging on my flesh like a dog gnawing at a piece of steak.
The thing in the woods was catching up to me quickly; I tried to catch my breath and keep moving forward, unfortunately I did not notice the tree root jutting out of the ground at my feet. I put one foot forward then to my surprise the next thing I knew I was falling forward; my hands were flailing through the air as I tumbled over onto the gravel path. The pain was excruciating, my ankle was filled with fire and ice. It felt like a swarm of wasps was stinging me all at once. The thing climbed through the trees, I could see it hobbling forward like a man with a bad limp. My flashlight had fallen out of my reach and my pistol was lost somewhere in the dark now, I was vulnerable and I was unarmed. I picked up a stone and threw it into the brush hoping to strike the beast hard enough to drive it away but I missed. I scrabbled around searching for more stones; I continued chucking one after the other into the blackness. One after another missing my target, I ran out of stones to pitch, as they say I was out of ammo.
Then at length of the darkness, having thus laboriously conceived brought forth an obscure figure. It drew forth into the uncertain light where light and shadows mingled, not six feet away; then it halted and stared down at me. In an instant it started forward again with the spasmodic motions of a puppet being moved on wires. The thing couldn’t be more than three maybe three-and-a-half feet in height, its hands and its feet were unusually large for its body. Its skin was pale white like a ghost’s, its blackened teeth in broken stubs; they resembled old tombstones, it was mostly skin and bones but with a savage bundle of muscles in all the right places. I attempted to crawl away and build space between me and the thing but it stepped out from the brush and onto the trail. Its back right leg was gnarly, and misshapen. Clear signs of a gunshot wound probably from some hunters round which was unfortunate enough not to strike it through the heart.
“God in heaven…” I whispered.
I froze, I could not scream. I tried to bellow out a shout for help but nothing came up. It rushed forward at me; with the use of my left foot I booted it in the face. A fresh film of blood spat out the corner of its mouth. Now it was more riled than before. I tried bringing my foot forward again but it leaped on top of me. I could feel its icy fingers against my belly’s bare skin. I tried to wriggle myself free of its touch but it was stronger than it appeared. Its fingernails were long and uneven, they grazed against my skin before I felt a sharp penetration followed by the odd smell of iron and pennies and a warm runny matter trickling down my abdomen. Am I dying, I thought, is this how it ends for me? I felt its warm breath on my face and on the dip of my neck; this made my hairs stand on end. Its mouth began to open, with my one free hand I reached for my knife. I ripped the blade from its sheath and brought it forward into its left thigh, blood flew all over. Its blood was different, some kind of dark matter, somber grey like an overcast sky and thick as molasses in December.
The gun was too far out of my reach. I forced myself to flip over onto my stomach; the thing in the woods mounted my back and began tearing away the fabric and Velcro of my bag. The violent thrashing as it dragged me across the ground; the straps of my bag were torn from my shoulders. But its interest was not in me but the bag, it searched through every crevice, every compartment, as if it were searching for something in particular; till finally it pulled out a small, translucent, plastic bag. It was the sandwich I had packed for my trip.
The meat! A voice in my head cried.
This was my only chance. It took the bag in both hands covetously and began tearing the meat and spitting out all the nonessentials. I scrambled for the gun searching all over for it. I could hear its blunt teeth rip into the meat; the sounds of frenzied feeding and the appearance of the abomination behind me reminded me of George A. Romeo’s fright fest film, Night of the Living Dead. I could hear strangled cries of people in my head, the smell of the decaying flesh in my nostrils and I could see the mangled bodies of victims all over the ground. The sound of my heartbeat in my ears was like thrumming wings of a caged bird; I yearned for the cold, metallic cylinder of the weapon, praying for the feel of it somewhere. Next thing I knew the thing was on me again.
I could not fight back so well due to my ankle; it pulled me back towards it with one strong hand, it would paint the forest red with my blood. I cried out, screaming till my voice grew hoarse. My arms out by my sides looking for anything to grab hold of. That’s when I felt it, the cold, steel barrel of the revolver. With one last surge of energy I forced the animal back and scrambled for my weapon. It came back at me, this time standing on two legs like a man, arms fanned out like a scarecrow and that despicable cackle of it was the last thing I heard before the sound of the woods was replaced by the thunderous boom and an ear shattering crack like lighting with a bright orange, red and blue blaze that lit the air. That ungodly scream, I did not hesitate, I fired two more rounds. In the wake of the light I saw the animal driven backwards into the tree line. It cried out in agony, the sound of its scream was almost human. I wanted to shut it out, to cover my ears and wait for it to stop but I would not be able to no matter how hard I tried; I could not erase that sound from my memory. I waited; my field of vision was clouded by blue, red and yellow blemishes. I listened to the sound of its feet on the dry forest floor, moving farther and farther away until the sound was subdued by the chirp of crickets. I didn’t kill it, I just drove it away. I drove it away just as God drove away Adam and Eve from the Garden of Eden.
The gash on my belly was not as deep as I had imagined, but the sight of the blood was nauseating. I took out the med-kit from my bag, I smeared the wound with Rawleigh salve and put some gauze over the wound and wrapped it with a bandage. I did not want to spend any more time than I needed there. I picked up my flashlight and my .38 and moved on. The beast was gone but I angered it.
Time went by like it did before and like it would do so after. I remembered the throbbing pain in my ankle worsened the more I moved it. That pain was so intense it threatened to obliterate all thought. Sometime a half-hour later as I came to the top of a steep slope I felt as if a stone tablet had been lifted from my heart. Twenty maybe thirty yards ahead of me I saw a road gate and beyond that was asphalt surface. Civilization! I chanted in my head.
I moved as fast as my body would allow me to. The agonizing pain pulsating through my joints and my muscles fired on all cylinders. As I got closer to the gate I felt my body grow stiff again. I stopped just a few feet away from the threshold of the forest. I looked back and standing just ten feet behind me in the center of the trail was the man in the black cassock. I was not sleeping this time (this time I knew for sure). His hood was pulled back, his brow was furrowed and his lips were pursed. He was smiling; so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness, just like how Brian use to. On this face, it was a sign of bliss. My throat got dry, and my chest felt light. I turned my back on the man in the cassock as my eyes welled with tears, I tried sniffing discretely when I realized that a great passage of my life had come and gone. I did not cry then, but I would cry now.
“I loved you, Brian.” I said aloud.
Then I began walking towards the road. I walked until the man in cassock was recaptured by the darkness of the forest.
The End
CREDIT : Connor Scott
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

We were all there that day. The day they released him. Me and Kent, Bonnie and Simon, Nora and Anthony, Dustin and Patrick, and Darlene. We didn’t bring the kids. I think it was Nora’s idea to leave them at home. And it was Patrick’s idea to go watch the release. Chad Lamb strode from the prison, wearing the smirk that had won us over six long years ago. He stopped at the gate, spotting us. Dustin waved. Darlene raised a finger to her throat and slowly dragged it across in the classic execution motion. Lamb scowled, exited the gate, and turned west, heading for the bus stop. There was an empty lot across from the prison where we waited by our cars. Lamb, I was happy to see, continuously checked over his shoulder as we watched him walk away. He wasn’t afraid, but he was cautious. When he disappeared from view, Nora said flatly, “It’s time. We need to go to her now.”
Three years ago, the kids had started having nightmares. They woke up crying, but would refuse to say why. They’d started making up excuse to avoid going to school. And they’d reacted with fear around Mr. Lamb, their charming, engaging new teacher. Finally, over the summer, Patrick and Dustin had taken their adopted daughter Yuan to a consular, who’d convinced her to open up. Lamb had touched her. Had touched several other students. With a little more pressing, Yuan gave a few more names. Dustin and Patrick had gone to their parents, gone to us. It was hard. I didn’t want to believe it, but Stan had been so scared. He’d evaded us, refused to answer the questions at first, but finally broke down. He’d been convinced he’d get in trouble. So had Violet, Eddie, and the twins Tyler and Beatrice. Lamb had done a real number on them. The police had been wonderful. Slowly, gradually, the children built up their courage to testify. My stomach twisted as I recalled Violet breaking down in tears on the stand in court. Poor, sweet Violet. Then again, Violet wasn’t sweet anymore. She went from a shy, helpless seven year old victim to a ten year old black belt with a mean streak. Six year old Kayla had the meanest, toughest sister in school. If only Beatrice had been so strong. Once again, I thanked God it hadn’t been my Stan. Then felt horrible for the thought. I heard the car stop, and looked up. We were in front of her shop. I could see the other parents waiting in front of the emerald door. “Come on.” Kent said wearily. “She hates it when we’re late for our appointments.”
The shop was crowded with books, animal bones, statues of gods and fairies, strings of strange plants, and several ancient weapons. The glass counter at the back separated the public shop from the private meeting room. Darlene trudged to the counter and hit the bell once. A black curtain, emblazoned with purple eyes, was pulled aside, revealing Coda. “Heya parentals! Today’s the day, ain’t it!” Coda was always cheerful, no matter what. He had long, sharp teeth, and nails to match, with eyes as yellow as candle flames. If I’d cared, I might have wondered what he was. The boy wasn’t human. She had confirmed that. “I’ll get The Bone Woman, ‘kay?” Coda offered, disappearing back behind the curtain. “Come on!” He called, and we followed. As we always had. Nora had found her. I never asked how. The Bone Woman’s might had been proven to me, and her effectiveness was all that mattered to me. We each took our usual seats around The Bone Woman’s table, and waited. Eventually, Coda returned, leading his master by the hand. The Bone Woman’s glass eyes gazed sightlessly over us as Coda gently helped her into her massive, throne like armchair. She had a thick book, bound in a shining white material. We’d seen the book before. She’d shown it to us the first time we’d visited her. The Caligo Veneficus. The Darkest Magic. One of only thirteen in the world. Bound in the flesh of a murdered priest, the stitching done in human hair, taken from a mother who died in childbirth, and the ink it was written in mixed with the blood of a hanged man. “Are you sure?” She asked, breaking the silence. “We’re sure.” We said in unison. She nodded grimly, flipping the book open to a page near the center. The Iratus Motuus. The Angry Dead. Nora and Anthony looked grim and determined. Bonnie put her hand on Nora’s shoulder. “Are you sure, honey? Completely sure?”
“This is the only way to put things right.” Anthony said, and Nora nodded. The Bone Woman shooed Coda away. “I will need the item.” She said as he left. Nora reached into her pocket, and removed a silver necklace. A heart shaped chunk of aquamarine winked cheerfully in the fire and candle light. Anthony swallowed, tears in his eyes, as soon as he saw the necklace. I remembered that necklace. Beatrice’s favorite. She’d been wearing it even when they found her in her room, hanged by her belt. A news article proclaiming Chad Lamb’s coming release from prison clutched in her hand. Nora regretfully handed the jewelry to The Bone Woman. The shaman took it, inspected it, and nodded. “Her soul has left a mark upon this object. It will work. It will call to her.” Coda came back, holding several bottles, cans, and herbs. He dropped these unceremoniously onto the table, and then turned to a shelf in the room, fetching a brass pot from it. He set this on the table too, and vanished again.
As we watched in silence, The Bone Woman went to work. She seemed to not need eyes to identify what was what. She seized a decanter of dark, red wine, pouring it into the pot, and began to chant. Three yellow rose blossoms, a pinch of salt, seven rabbit bones, a lock of red human hair, a handful of grave yard dirt, snake fangs, on and on and on. The brew began to smoke and steam without being boiled, and The Bone Woman’s chanting grew faster and louder. I heard Beatrice’s name sprinkled in the foreign chant. Lamb’s name as well. Finally, she reached the finally stage of it. “Arise, my child, arise, arise, arise! Your killer now walks free, and justice has done not its duty. The time of justice is gone, now comes vengeance. Arise, my child, arise, arise, arise!” There was a burst of sound, and lavender smoke poured from the pot, filling the room and blinding us. A tortured, horrified scream split the air.
The smoke cleared, and The Bone Woman looked at us gravely. “It is done. She shall be waiting for you at the agreed upon place. Go to her. But, Nora, Anthony, be warned. This is not your daughter. This is an instrument of revenge and unholy justice. Remember that.”
The coffin stank. And the body was disgusting. Why did she get this gig? She’d wanted a fresh corpse. The body slowly reassembled, stitching itself back together via the Shamaness’ dark magic. The Bone Woman. Ah. Her. One of the strongest. Soon, the hands were fully reformed, and she’d slammed upwards, tearing open the coffin’s cherry wood lid. She pushed up, up, up, through the soft, icy Earth, and into the midnight air. The throat fixed itself, and she gulped down oxygen. She didn’t need it, but it felt nice for the body. She pulled herself up, settling her feet on the frosty grass. She knew where to go. She rolled her still repairing shoulders, and walked. Heading for the iron gates, down the dirt road, towards an abandoned barn that her master had ordered her to proceed to. “They, shall, be, waiting.” He rumbled.
The white dress was tattered, torn, the lace slightly yellowed. She’d lost a shoe on the trip up, and the another on the walk down the hill the grave was on. It was two hours to the barn, and the legs were stiff. The arms swung limping, the feet shuffling and shambling. It grew to be too much effort to keep the mouth closed, and she let it fall open, the tongue lolling out. She felt restless. She wanted to rip, tear, kill, devour. She wanted to get the job over with and go home to the fiery, sulfur-scented fields of home. The crumbling barn appeared, and she vaguely spotted several cars parked. She grimaced. Damn. Late. As she approached, she heard shouting. “The damn witch cheated us! Nothing’s here! God damn it Nora, how could you—“ She got to the door, reached up, and ripped it open. Nine living humans looked over at her, startled. One of them took a hesitant step forward. “Be-Beatrice?” The human whispered. She said nothing. Only a raspy moan for an answer.
The human drew back, gathering together, whispering. “What did she say for us to do?”
“Uh…We send her to Lamb, I think. Yeah.”
“Okay, okay.” They broke apart, and another one approached. “Es…es vos iratus…mortuus?” He fumbled out uncertainly. His Latin was awful, but she nodded once. She pulled back the blackened lips, showing the sharp teeth granted by the spell. She held up the hands, the black, claw like nails casting shadows. She gave another raspy, hungry moan, and one of the humans burst into tears. “Send her away, send her away.” She wailed. The one before her pointed back out into the night. “Chad Lamb.” He said firmly. “5831 Carmen Lane. Soon. Within a week. Understood?” She nodded, moaned, and turned, shambling away. Some instinct, evolved from the earliest days of her people, led her back outside, towards town. She did not run. She had time. So much time.
She took back roads, moving like a shadow through trees and backyards, quickly approaching Lamb’s house. She got hungrier with every step. She needed to eat! Good, she was sure the nose was picking up his scent. Finally, thank you high dark master, there was the house. There was her meal.
Chad was still up. On his computer, surfing his ‘special’ sites. Thank God that the American government still hadn’t started monitoring what registered sex offenders looked up on the web. He was so engrossed in a newly posted video, that he didn’t hear the back door open. Nor did he hear the sound of dirty, cold feet padded across his kitchen floor, through his front hall, up his stairs, down his hall, stopping in front of his closed office. He did finally hear the office door open, and looked up. “WHAT IN THE HELL??!!” Beatrice Mastin was standing in his doorway, standing in at him with puffy, sticky eyes. She smiled at him, her dirt stained fangs filling her mouth. She shuffled through the door, holding out her arms, curling her claws in and out. Chad fell off his chair, his pants around his ankles, scrambling backwards, until her ran into the far wall. Beatrice reached him, and stopped, staring down at him.
The girl, from far away in another world, asked her to say something, and she complied. After all, fear made the meat taste better. “I’m hungry, Mr. Lamb.” The man’s screams were almost as sweet as his skin.
Credit To: I live in your closet
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

I never wanted to reveal my story, but it has to be done. It’s been so long, and nobody’s known. But now I confide in you, the reader, to read my story, and attempt to comprehend the horrors I experienced. My fingers stutter and shake and tears cascade down my cheeks as I try to type this. But I warn you now, what you are reading cannot be unread.
It was just an ordinary night in my apartment. I was tired, the days at the office had been so stressful lately, and I looked forward to the quiet release of sleep. It always seemed to make everything better.
But this night was different.
The wind seemed ominous. The sky seemed darker. And as I relaxed in my chair watching my favorite sit-coms before bed, I saw what appeared as a strange silhouette standing outside my window. I focused my full sight on what i thought was there.
Nothing. Just darkness.
I figured I was just over-tired. Just a little too much work today, thats all. I finished watching my show and retired to my bed. As I tried my best to sleep I heard the door at the end of my bedroom creak. I dismissed it, too tired to get myself worked up over nothing. I then got the sense something was watching me. I tried to shake it off, I just wanted to sleep. Finally, I heard something breathing heavily and slowly. At first I thought it was me and that I was psyching myself out, so I held my breath for a moment.
It wasn’t me.
I jolted upward from my bed and opened my eyes. I became frozen as I saw, at the foot of my bed, a young girl with long, black hair, around the age of 6, in a white night-gown. She stared at me with unblinking eyes and a wide smile. She had deep cuts covering her face, and her hands that hung at her side were covered in crimson. We both sat and stood staring at each other for a good moment, until she let out a horrifying, inhuman scream. At that moment I tried to race for the door but she leapt on my, digging her nails into my face, her dark, black eyes inches away from mine, screaming all the way. The screaming became deafening and I soon lost my balance and hit my head on the table next to my bed. I lost consciousness.
I awoke in what appeared to be an empty basement. My clothes remained on, except for my shirt. I struggled to find my balance. My head was covered in dry blood. I looked at my arms. There were cuts all down them, writing down words. I found the words read “Will you play with me?” It was also written on both my sides. I gazed around the room in horror and found an iron door with blood seeping at the base. I slowly made my way there. There was no sign of the girl, though I feared she may be behind the door. Despite my fear, I had to go in.
I had to.
What I saw was horrifying, bodies lay spread across the wide room all the way to the stairwell on the opposite corner. Men, women, children, all of them laying still. Cuts on their arms and legs, similar to mine, read “will you play with me?” Except these victims had something I didn’t have. I looked at a nearby women in horror.
She laid on her back, her stomach split open, as I came closer what came into my sight was a large toy fire-truck shoved in with her entrails. I choked back vomit and backed away. A man laying against the wall had metal jacks stuck into both of his eyes. His skull had caved in, and what lay next to him was a broken baseball bat, snapped in half in a pool of blood. A young boy lay lifeless in the very middle. His mouth was wide open and sticking out of it was the beginning of a toy car track, it had been shoved down his throat. His chest was cut open and his heart lay next to his body. In place of his heart were the dismantled pieces of a doll.
I lost my control and vomited. I cried for a moment, but then the thought struck me.
“Where’s the girl?”
I didn’t think this wanting to know where she was, of course. I thought it very briefly before noticing the stairwell that stood at the corner of the room. I started walking towards it, but then I stopped…
Something behind me was breathing heavily.
I turned around, and there stood the girl, after having stood in the corner in wait the entire time I was examining the bodies. She then said, in a high voice that pierced my ears with terror.
“Will you play with me?”
She began screaming. I turned to run away, but she was on me. Knife-sharp nails driving into my back and my neck. I struggled and eventually I threw her off of me and onto the ground.
I ran for the door, but it slammed shut. I banged on it and cursed, blood running down my back. It would not open. She was on me again, I elbowed her face, she drove her nails into my back. I managed to push her off and turn around. As she lunged I caught her. Her big, black eyes inches away from mine, her nails plunged into my face. Her screams deafening my ears. She raised one hand, smiling ear to ear, and her hand plunged down on my eyes.
Everything went black.
I woke up in the hospital, bandages covering my body, including both of my eyes. A police officer stood in my room, speaking with a doctor. They saw I was awake, and smiled. They informed me I was the only survivor of a mass murder, and that the suspect, a middle aged man, had been captured. I told them about the girl. They said no girl was found at the scene. They didn’t believe me. They told me “I should rest”.
Two weeks passed, and I was cleared to leave. As I exited the hospital, permanently scarred on my arms, face, back, and sides, I passed the waiting room. It had some toys lying on the ground. The game jacks, a toy fire-truck, a doll, and a toy car track. Sitting with these toys was a small girl with long, black hair. She wore a white gown. She looked up at me and smiled widely, and in a voice that pierced every cut on my body, she said,
“Will you play with me?”
Credit To: D.S Ozolnieks
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend

“We’re going down!” Captain Raul Santana yelled over the intercom. “Everybody, brace for impact!”
Hazard lights blinked a pulsing symphony of angry red while alarms bleated in terror. The plane’s nose tore through the final layer of thin white clouds as the island rushed up to catch the doomed airliner. The 747 shook violently. Screams from the passengers strapped into the cabin pierced Santana’s ears. A buried image of his final tour in Afghanistan erupted before his eyes. He winced, shoving the burning intrusion back into its shadowy box, and wrestled with the yoke. Santana’s co-pilot desperately fought for the radio controls as turbulence tossed him against his seat restraints.
The island’s golden beach taunted him as it swelled in front of the cockpit’s forward windows. Santana let his body go slack: stiffening up on impact was a guaranteed way to break bones. He turned to offer the same advice to Jenkins.
The plane slammed into the earth with a deafening boom of crunching metal. Its wings sheared cleanly from the fuselage, peeling back metal skin like a banana, throwing free the broken bodies of those too slow to buckle in. The jet’s carcass carved a path of fiery ember across the pristine beach. A flock of birds nestled in the palm trees at the sand’s edge panicked and took to flight in a flurry of flapping wings.
Get your head out of your ass, Marine. We are leaving!
Santana’s eyes popped open at the sound of his old sergeant’s voice and a gigantic breath burned into his lungs. His temples pounded like an angry war god beating a drum. The cockpit swirled as he cut through the cobwebs in his mind. He coughed a few times. With shaking hands he fumbled for the restraints’ release mechanism.
“Fucking Christ, we’re still here.”
The shoulder belts snapped free with a liberating click. Santana massaged the back of his neck and turned to Jenkins. “You still with–”
Jenkins lay slumped over the co-pilot’s yoke. The control column had splintered during the crash and impaled the young pilot through the heart. Jenkins’s hollow eyes stared back at Santana, arms dangling lifelessly. Santana reached over and closed his partner’s eyes with a gentle hand. He thought of Jenkins’s wife and their unborn daughter that would never know her father.
“I’m sorry, brother.” He wrapped his fist around the gold cross hanging from his neck and muttered a quick prayer. Santana clutched Jenkins’s shoulder as he made for the cockpit door. “I’ll check in on them.”
The cabin reeked of sudden terror and suffering. Oxygen masks hung limply beneath broken overhead compartments that had vomited their contents into the aisles. Bodies, bloodied and battered and broken, sat strapped into their death thrones, heads lolling. Some wore masks of eternal surprise. A fortunate few found their faces frozen in peaceful resignation. Santana slumped against the cockpit doorway.
“Mother of God.”
Santana’s stomach soured. He pressed the back of his hand against his mouth to fight back the retch aching to free itself. The scent of salt water wafted in from a gaping hole in the plane’s side. Santana picked his way down the aisle towards the slanted column of moonlight marking the new exit. In a seat halfway down the aisle, the body of a man in his thirties leaned over the chair to his right. The still body of a boy rested beneath his father’s sheltering arms.
Santana fought back the lump in his throat and straightened the boy’s Red Sox hat. He patted the sleeping angel’s head, repeated his prayer, and stepped outside.
Sterling moonlight painted the landscape. He squinted and panned around the crash scene. Wreckage from the plane and discarded luggage littered the beach. Fire crackled from two dozen burning piles left in the plane’s wake. Waves gently breaking against rocks sounded from a nearby crag. It’s all a joke, he thought, or a dream.
Any minute now and I’ll wake up at home.
Santana squeezed his eyes shut tight and held his breath for a moment. A shrill bird call pierced the air. He opened his eyes and looked out over the endless dark ocean blue.
“No such luck, I’m afraid,” a man’s voice, accented in heavy French, called from alongside the plane.
Santana tracked to the new voice, squinting against the glare of one of the larger fires. The man had dark skin and was dressed as though he were due to deliver a keynote speech at the U.N. And tall. Ridiculously tall. “What’s that?” Santana said.
The man loosened a bold red necktie and the top two buttons of his tailored shirt. “We all had the same feeling once we got outside. That this was all a dream.” He shrugged off his suitcoat. “My name’s LaSalle. And, sadly, I can assure you that this is no dream.”
Several sets of footprints headed away from the hole in plane’s side. “How many survivors we got down there?”
Lasalle’s head sunk. A moment passed before the Frenchman answered. “Only myself and two others.”
Four.
Only four souls out of 113 had lived to share the misery of being stranded. The weight of the perished poured concrete into Santana’s lungs. He had seen friends, more than he could count, cut down in combat. Indeed, Lawson’s final screams had haunted his nightmares right up until last night. He had lost his father one breathless gasp at a time to lung cancer. But the deaths of so many at once…
Marine, we are leaving!
Santana shook the memory of his old co-pilot’s voice free. He nodded back at the cabin. “I’m gonna check the emergency supplies. God only knows how long we’re gonna be stuck here.”
“No need. We have already salvaged all we could.”
“There’s a few other things I gotta check,” Santana replied.
He worked his way back towards the cockpit, stepping over the sprawled remains of a woman whose neck was twisted obscenely backwards. Inside the cockpit, he tapped a few buttons on the main control panel. Hidden computers whirred and a warbling beep groaned before dying. The lights on the emergency locator beacon dimmed. “You’ve got to be shitting me,” Santana said. He picked up his headset and punched a few buttons on the radio, drawing nothing but static. He checked his wristwatch, then wrestled his cellphone from his pocket. Both faces showed no signs of damage. Neither responded to his frustrated tapping.
“Wonderful.”
God only knew how long it would take for the flight to be declared overdue. He entered the five digit passcode into the keypad mounted on the captain’s locker. After a satisfying click, he opened the door, and retrieved the old Marine Corp sidearm. He stuffed the Glock-19 into the back of his waistband, taking comfort in the cool, familiar presence.
Moments later, LaSalle lead Santana a short distance from the fuselage wreckage to the survivors who had taken refuge in the shade of a wide palm tree. Santana didn’t like the look of the supremely fair-skinned man who introduced himself simply as ‘White’. Probably the shifty eyes, Santana thought. White’s neck craned upwards to Santana’s lean silhouette. The intricately tattooed swastika covering his throat smiled back at the pilot.
Santana extended a hand but White only smirked. Santana tried again with the heavyset woman seated to White’s left. Purple streaks flashed through her jet black hair. She sat with her arms folded and her chin resting against her chest. “I’m Santana.”
The woman took his hand and gave it a weak shake, before jerking her hand safely back. “I’m Melody.” Sweat glistened at Santana’s temples. He swiped at salty beads with the back of his wrist. “Nice to meet you Melody. Try and relax, everything is gonna be just fine.”
White chuckled and rolled his eyes. “Why is it every time something bad happens you G.I. Joe types are always telling people that everything will be alright?” He pinched a smooth stone between his fingers, letting it roll across each digit like a poker chip. “You know that sounds like total bullshit, right?.”
“We say it because it turns out people don’t really like hearing things like ‘Holy shit we’re all gonna burn’,” Santana replied. “And whether or not it’s true, people who believe everything will be ok can focus and be useful.”
LaSalle moved beside Santana. “He’s right. We all have to stay focused if we want to survive. Captain, how long before we can expect a rescue?”
“Tough to say, but this far out to sea standard procedure when a plane falls off of the ATC grid is to scramble a pair of Navy interceptors– F-18’s to do a fast pass of the last known location. Trouble is…”
“Go on,” LaSalle replied.
Santana sighed. “The trouble is I don’t think they’ll have any idea where to look.”
White scoffed. “Look I’m not the brightest bulb in the box, but didn’t you just say they’ll just fly on out to the last place the plane was on the GPS or whatever you call it? Look at this flaming pile of shit. The smoke has to be a mile high at least. Even Mr. Fucking Magoo could see it, especially from the air.”
“Normally I’d agree with you. But since this island isn’t supposed to be here I’d say we’re looking at some pretty out of the ordinary bullshit coming our way.”
LaSalle touched Santana’s shoulder. “What do you mean it’s not supposed to be here? How can an island just appear from nowhere?”
“Yeah, professor. How does an entire island just pop up?” White added.
Santana threw White a frigid glance. The muscles tensed in his shoulders, but he resisted the urge to ball his fists and go to work. “I have no idea. But what I do know is that I’ve made this flight a thousand times and it’s never fucking been here.”
A bird cackled from within the dense jungle. White mimicked the laugh and raised his hands in mock defense. “Hey, take it easy soldier boy. If you say it’s never been here then that’s perfectly fine by me. But I think I’m speaking for me, Beanpole and Chunky over here when I say then what the fuck are we supposed to do?”
Santana didn’t see the point in holding back the truth. They were all in the same boat. They were all facing the same longshot odds. They deserved to know exactly how long. “I don’t know. And the radio’s down… along with our locator beacon.”
Sand flew as White scrambled to his feet, throwing up his arms in exasperation. “Wait a minute. You mean to tell me that not only are we stuck on a island that doesn’t exist, but there’s no way we can call for help?” White kicked over a stack of cases of bottled water. “Well isn’t that just the icing on the fucking cake.”
LaSalle stepped forward to calm White’s outburst, but the pale-skinned man swatted the gesture away without a second glance. He marched a few steps towards the doomed flight’s captain. Santana let his right hand drift to his waistband, letting it rest just shy of his concealed sidearm.
“Well what’s the plan, Captain America? It’s your fault we’re all stuck out here on this little slice of paradise. What’s our play?” White stabbed at the air in front of Santana’s chest but wisely avoided contact.
A voice cried out from the back of Santana’s buried subconscious. Lawson. Screaming. Burning. I should have done something. He shook the memory off. “Take it easy. We’ll figure something out.”
LaSalle nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, yes. We will find–”
The arrow tore its way through LaSalle’s throat, spraying a mist of warm blood over White’s face. The tall man staggered back, clutching at the wound. His breath came in ragged wheezes and gurgles. He sank to his knees in the soft sand. Surprise swelled in his eyes as he looked to Santana for explanation, but the pilot’s own wide eyes were little more than a reflection of terror.
Before Santana could react, a second arrow exploded through the back of LaSalle’s skull, spearing an eye free of its socket, momentum plowing the dying man into a face plant. Santana snatched his pistol from his waistband and took aim at the wall of emerald jungle. “Everybody move! Now!”
“Where the fuck did that come from?” White shouted, pointing at the gun.
“Go!” Santana yelled back at the other man. An arrow sailed by his cheek, missing by inches. Santana dropped to a crouch and squeezed off two shots. A cluster of wide fronds rustled but no screams retorted..
Melody struggled to her feet, sandals flapping, nearly tumbling forward onto LaSalle’s twitching body. Her arms waved frantically for balance as she stumbled. She grabbed for White, but he knocked her desperate hands aside and bolted back for the wounded plane.
“Asshole!” Melody shouted after the fleeing man. The coarse sands scattered as her heavy footsteps plodded in pursuit.  An arrow whistled from the canopy. The razor sharp stone head tore through her calf, shooting a steak of searing agony up her leg. She collapsed with a scream. “Help me!”
Two more arrows thunked into the sand by Melody’s outstretched hands. White ducked an arrow of his own, diving behind a hulking piece of wing debris. He peeked around the torn metal. “Sorry, sweetheart. Seems like we got a ‘survival of the fittest’ thing going on here. And you don’t look all that fit.”
White quickly scanned the treeline and then bolted the last twenty feet to the makeshift entrance torn out of the plane’s side. As he breached the jagged threshold, an electrifying jolt surged through his system, throwing him aside like a discarded toy. Steam wafted from his chest while the world swirled in front of his eyes.
Santana kept the pistol raised as he reached down and pulled Melody to her feet. Icy shivers swept over her in violent waves. Her lower lip quivered as her eyes darted back and forth over the trees. He grabbed her by the chin and locked his eyes with the woman’s. “I’ve got you. We’re gonna be fine. But we gotta move now. I can’t do it alone. I need your help.”
Melody gave an unconvincing nod. Santana returned the gesture and pointed to the trees. “We need to get out of sight. And by the looks of it, that racist asshole twitching on the ground proved the plane isn’t an option. On two we’re gonna run to that break in the trees. Looks like there’s a path there.” Santana took a deep breath.
“Ready. On two. One–”
The arrow sliced through his shirt, nicking the skin just beneath his underarm. He jerked away from the sudden sting and yelled. “Go now!”
Melody hobbled for the trees, wincing with each step at the burning in her calf. Foliage crunched under unseen footsteps hidden behind the trees. Santana took aim and fired once, freezing the hidden assailant. “Keep moving!”
Fighting his better judgment, Santana raced across the beach. White had already begun to stir by the time the pilot hovered over him, pistol swinging back and forth over the treeline. “I’ll probably live to regret it, but I’ve decided I’ve lost enough people on this flight.” He reached and pulled White to his feet by a handful of T-shirt. “Even a piece of shit coward like you. Now move.”
They caught up to Melody a few minutes later. She cowered behind a wide palm tree at the side of a sandy path a hundred yards from the beach. She had gnawed the nails on her left hand down to bloody nubs. Dark eye liner traced streaks from the corners of her eyes down her cheeks. She glared at White, her eyes thinning to slits.
“Asshole.”
“Yeah, yeah. I heard you the first time,” White replied.
“Shut up, both of you,” Santana said, scanning the surroundings, “If we have a prayer of getting out of this you need to stay calm and stay quiet.”
White scoffed. “Easy for you to say, captain. You’re the one rocking the piece.”
Santana ignored the barb. There was no movement behind the trees. No more arrows. The jungle had grown deathly still; quiet as though it were holding its breath. Santana was suddenly aware of the ache in his shoulder from having kept the Glock at the ready.
“I think we’re ok.”
Melody raised a trembling hand. “Uh, arrow in the leg. Definitely not ok.”
Blood trickled down her meaty calf. Inklike streaks crawled away from the wound. Santana crouched beside her, inspecting the injury. He had seen more than enough gore from improvised anti-personnel traps in Afghanistan. “Holy hell.”
“Is it bad?” Melody stammered.
It broke his heart to lie to the doomed girl, but Santana knew the telltale signs of a neurotoxin at work. “You’ll be dancing again in no time.” He reached for the arrow, then paused.
“This is going to hurt.”
Melody bit her lower lip. “Just do it.”
Santana didn’t hesitate. He snapped the arrow’s shaft and pulled it free. Melody winced but managed to will most of the pain into silence. Santana tore a sleeve of his shirt free and quickly cinched a tourniquet. He forced a smile. “You did just fine. Last time I tied one of those the guy cried for an hour.”
White pressed a hand to his chest in mock sentiment. “How moving. But seriously, what the hell are we supposed to do? We got a bunch of assholes out there shooting arrows at us, something threw some serious smackdown on my face when I tried to take cover on the plane–”
“You mean when you ran like a coward and abandoned me?” Melody said.
A derisive grin spread over White’s lips before he continued. “And no one knows we’re here.” He gestured with a sweep of an arm. “Wherever the Hell this is.”
He hated it, but Santana knew that White was correct. He nodded. “That about sums it up.”
Melody winced. The burning in her leg unleashed a hot barb that sent her hands reaching for the injury. Tears stung her eyes, but there was an ember of fierce determination slowly being stoked behind the misty veil. “Well then what do we do? I don’t want to die here.”
“Hang on a second,” Santana said. There was a faint roar of water coming from the trail leading towards the island’s jungle heart. He was suddenly aware of the rough, scratching sensation in the back of his throat. He knew that if they were to survive long enough to escape they would need fresh water sooner than later. “We need water. We’re gonna head deeper inland, maybe find somewhere to hold up until we can figure out our next play.”
The trail wound away from the smoking wreckage and gentle lap of the ocean tide. Santana took point, head on a swivel, weapon snapping to any rustle or snapping of foliage that sounded larger than a small animal. Melody hobbled close behind, slowing every now and then to check her saturated bandage. White trailed a short distance at the rear, shirking from shadows that the cool breeze scattered over the path.
Walls of steam-soaked plant life enclosed the path, threatening to collapse on it like an emerald avalanche. The non-stop flitter of birdsong and chattering animals was overpowered by the constant buzz of unseen insects. Santana tugged a couple of shirt buttons open. He hadn’t sweltered like this since his last trip to the sandbox.
“I don’t know how much longer I can go,” Melody panted between breaths.
Santana caught a quick glimpse of her leg. The bandage was saturated with blood and a trickle of thick pus oozed down her calf. She fell, catching herself against a tree trunk. He threw her arm over his shoulder and helped her back upright. “Look,” he said, pointing, “there’s water just ahead. We’ll get you cleaned up best we can and take a rest.”
The waterfall’s cascading flow glistened in the moonlight like a million diamonds washing away from the cliff above. It crashed into an oval-shaped lagoon painted a similar glistening coat of sapphire. Together, Santana and Melody worked their way down the hill towards the promise of freshwater. White ran past them without a second glance, falling to his knees at the lagoon’s bank. His hands were a blur as he frantically scooped water onto his face and into his mouth.
Santana eased Melody down to the golden sand and turned back to the jungle, scanning it before setting to work on the woman’s dressing. “It was stupid to run down here like that. There could have been more of them waiting.”
White flipped a final handful of water onto his head and massaged the back of his neck with the cool fluid. “Chance I was willing to take, boss. What else could go wrong?”
“You have no idea,” Santana replied, taking a drink of his own. His eyes followed the edge of the lagoon’s perimeter. Halfway around it appeared to vanish into the rocky cliff face. Santana tore his remaining sleeve free. He gave Melody a warning not to look and then quickly peeled off the old bandage. A moment and a pair of tears later, Melody’s leg, swollen and purple, was clean and ready.
A deep sound like a rhino’s bellow shook the trees behind the survivors. Their heads twisted in unison.
“The hell was that?” White asked, quickly springing to his feet, ready to bolt.
Santana’s Glock stared down the sudden, deafening intrusion as the pilot dragged Melody once more to her feet. Puffy bags had appeared under eyes, stretching her makeup into distorted shapes that streamed down her face. “Christ if I know. But we’re moving. And we’re moving now. Go!”
Fifty yards to their rear, the lush tropical vegetation feverishly rustled. A group of muscular figures clad in animal skins, carrying primitive bows emerged from the trees. Crude brands and ugly scars marred the skin of their faces and chests. Their eyes were hollow sockets of leathery skin. Melody screamed and hobbled faster, dragging her wounded leg with Santana’s assistance.
A hulking figure emerged from the growing horde. He was dressed in similar filthy pelts and scars. A necklace of sharp fangs dangled from his tree trunk neck. His left arm ended at a mottled stump below the elbow. A three-foot long length of shark jaw had been driven through the bruised flesh. Serrated teeth clung to the jaw fragment, eager to feed.
White stumbled a few steps. He leveled a shaky finger at the nightmarish figure and the horde massing at his back. “I’ll say it again. What the hell is that?”
“Don’t know, don’t care. And unless you wanna ask him why he’s missing half a limb I suggest you move,” Santana called back over his shoulder.
Santana trotted as quickly as he could, Melody’s arm draped over his neck, finger resting on the Glock’s trigger guard. The picturesque lagoon disappeared into the rocky cliff face, the moon casting a long throw of shadows over the sparkling water. A smooth path dared the survivors to enter at the edge of the golden sands.
“You can’t be serious. We’re really going in there?” Melody asked, looking ahead at the gloomy darkness.
A chorus of war cries reverberated in the night air, boring its way into Santana’s skull. He winced at the chilling sound. “I know you’re scared. But it’s either the cave,” Santana said before nodding back at the pursuing horde, “or them.”
“To hell with Fatty, here. I’m heading in,” White said as he pushed his way by.
Santana’s fist tightened around the pistol’s grip. Melody eased him off with a nervous smile. “Don’t worry. I’m used to it. Price you pay for being a chocoholic.” The bloodcurdling sound of the mob closed. Melody’s chin bobbed in the affirmative. “Cave. Now.”
The path leading into the cave looked like the maw of a lamprey: circular and with rocky crags for fangs that looked as though they’d be happy to clamp shut the moment prey drew close enough. It was dark beyond the entrance but the straining moonlight revealed a narrow passageway winding off into the shadows.
White disappeared inside first, anxious to put as much space between himself and the creatures hunting them. Santana and Melody followed, limping along as best they could manage. A moment later White’s voice echoed from around the bend.
“You guys are definitely going to want to see this.”
As they rounded the final bend, they found White staring slack-jawed at the far side of the voluminous cavern that was easily the size of a football stadium. A collective gasp escaped their lips. But it wasn’t the size of the enormous space that stole their breath.
“Jesus Christ,” Santana whispered, awestruck.
Towering above the embankment on the far side of the lagoon was a stepped pyramid that nearly touched the cavern’s ceiling. Several slanted spears of silvery light gleamed on the pyramid’s glossy obsidian facade. A long rope bridge stretched from the survivors’ promontory, reaching all the way to the steep stairs climbing to the pyramid’s entrance.
Santana recovered from the bewilderment first. “Come on. We have to keep moving.”
“Where?” White replied. “Do you honestly want to cross this rickety ass bridge and investigate the temple of doom over there? Are you insane?”
Santana shifted his weight, but did not let Melody down to the ground. He had no intention of waiting around for committee votes to be tallied. Inaction is what gets Marines killed. He knew it better than most. He had seen it happen before all too many times.
Move to live, Marine!
“Look, you can stay here and meet the locals if you want. But we’re moving. We’re gonna reach the temple, lock down what we can, and hopefully live long enough to regret asking you to come with us.”
The sounds of the hunters grew louder. It would be only moments before they surged around the bend. Santana tested the first plank of the bridge with his foot. The board groaned but held fast. He nodded to White. “You go first. I’ll send Melody next and cover the rear.”
White opened his mouth to protest his role as guinea pig but the steely glare in Santana’s eye convinced him otherwise. “You’re the boss, boss.” The pale-skinned man took a handful of the rope rail and took his first tentative steps onto the bridge. He flashed a gap-filled grin. “See you on the other side.”
Santana covered the cavern’s entrance while White made his way across. He was just about to guide Melody onto the bridge when long shadow wrapped around the corner of the passage. The Glock roared and a shower of bright sparks burst from the passage wall freezing shadow in place. Murmurs of a hushed language Santana didn’t understand seeped around the bend. He turned back to Melody whose knuckles had blanched from squeezing the bridge’s rope handrail.
“That won’t hold them forever. You gotta go. Now!”
Melody inched her way across the first two planks. Santana dropped to a crouch, taking aim at the lone entrance. Beads of frigid sweat trickled down the back of his shaved scalp. He reigned in his focus and began a tentative retreat to the bridge.
White reached the opposite side, collapsing to the ground as though he’d just run a marathon. He rolled to his knees and wildly swung his arms. “Hurry! The bridge isn’t as solid on this side.”
“Oh God,” Melody squealed, strangled the rope, her progress grinding to a halt.
The support cables of the bridge swayed. Santana’s hand flew on its own to the guide rope. Stabilized, he shouted for Melody to move. Instead she screamed.
Mako breached the entryway flanked by his band of hunters. Silence smothered the cavern. And then came the wretched groan of bows being drawn. Santana fired into the killbox framed by the narrow passage. Blood exploded from the chests of two hunters. One fell to the ground; the other slumped and fell from the promontory. The body splashed into the lagoon below, shattering its serene surface.
The body floated face down in a cloud of crimson. A moment later dozens of tooth-filled jaws tugged at the hair and flesh of the fallen man. Santana’s stomach lurched as the piranha ripped the hunter’s arm free to the sound of tearing meat. The captain recovered quickly. He had seen more than his fill of dismemberment and had learned long ago how to bury the ugliness of the world. Santana backed his way further down the bridge, firing a shot every few paces to ward off the hunters’ arrows. They seemed happy to remain safely away from the bridge. All but Mako.
Mako’s jaw stretched unnaturally as though it had come undone at the hinges. The gaping maw revealed row after row of serrated teeth that matched the fearsome weapon impaling his arm. He threw his head back and thrust his chest out, unleashing a roar that chilled the very air.
“Hey, I’m no expert, but I’m thinking maybe your next seven or eight shots should probably hit the asshole with the fucked up arm,” White shouted.
Santana leveled his sidearm in agreement. “Grab Melody and head for the temple or whatever the hell that is.”
White found the courage to venture five steps out onto the bridge to meet the limping woman. As she reached for his hand a crunching exploded into a snap. Melody’s uninjured leg drove through a rotten plank. She flailed for White’s hand, but he had already retreated to solid ground. She plunged through the jagged splinters of broken planks just managing to grab a fistfull of the bridge’s lower rope. Shrieking, she dangled above the piranha filled lagoon.
Santana quickly panned to the endangered woman. “Melody! Hang on.”
Mako’s demonic maw shortened to tooth-filled grin that stretched ear to ear. He dashed over the promontory, rushing for the bridge and the promise of prey. Santana darted across the rattling planks as though it were a perfectly level piece of race track. A step from Melody, he spun on a heel, took aim and fired. The bullets stung Mako’s chest and shoulders like a swarm of angry yellow jackets. The giant staggered to a halt, shielding his face with his arm’s lethal prosthesis. Santana clamped down on Melody’s wrist and began pulling the woman up. White re-appeared at the bridge’s end. Holding a long survival knife.
“Sorry, boss. Can’t take any chances.” White set to work, sawing at the bridge’s anchoring ropes.
Santana’s eyes widened to saucers. “No! What the hell are you doing?”
White ignored Santana’s desperate plea and let the serrated blade work itself through the rope. The first line snapped, causing the bridge to lurch wildly as it dropped. Santana fell through the planks, grabbing a length of rope with one hand, clamping down on Melody’s wrist with the other. The Glock tumbled from his hand, seemed to freeze in mid-air for an agonizing second, then disappeared into the crystal-blue waters. Arrows sailed over the bridge, shooting for the opposite promontory. White shrieked in pain. He cursed at the hunters before his footsteps faded into the distance.
Melody’s lips quivered as she dangled twenty feet above the dark waters. “Please.”
Every muscle in Santana’s body twitched. Veins popped in his temples and neck. The rope tore into the skin of his fingers. His jaw clenched and he pulled at Melody’s wrist with everything he had. Her soft skin slid through his vice-like grip until he held her by little more than a handshake. Santana’s face burned a hot red. “I’m sorry…”
Melody’s scream rattled the massive cavern, rousing bats from slumber amongst the stalactites, and drawing a round of guttural cheers from the hunters. Mako roared his approval and pumped the serrated teeth of his handless arm into the air.
She splashed into the lagoon with Santana’s eyes locked onto the doomed woman the whole way down. A moment later bits and pieces of rent flesh and fabric floated to the surface amidst a plume of red.
Santana sealed his eyes shut. The rope cut deep into his hand and for a moment he considered letting go. He had lost so much when the plane crashed; lost even more in the sandbox. He had watched men die before, had seen the child-like look of innocent terror of not knowing what would follow the dimming light. But Melody was different. Melody hadn’t signed on the dotted line. She hadn’t boarded a transport plane into some third world shit hole that time had forgotten. She was just a kid flying home.
Something sparked in the back of Santana’s head:  A tiny voice demanding justice. It clawed its ways through his mind until only a singular, laser-focused thought remained.
White must die…
Santana ignored the plinking of arrows deflecting on the promontory and slung his free hand up to the rope. He pulled himself onto the tattered bridge and maneuvered over the final swaying planks. Behind him, Mako held his position at the bridge’s halfway point. Blood seeped from his bullet wounds.
“I’ll be back for you later,” Santana said as he trotted off, following White’s footsteps, “but first I have to deal with a more pressing pile of shit.”
The climb up the obsidian pyramid’s front stairs set Santana’s legs and lungs on fire. They terminated two stories beneath its the peak, leaving him facing the blackened maw of a twelve-foot entrance. The crackling of fire snapped from within.
Santana slowly let the darkness swallow him. Leading with his hand sliding along the smooth, glass-like wall he slowly advanced, using the snap and pop of the fire as a guide. He rounded a bend and was greeted by the faint light of a lone torch flickering on the wall. He pulled it free of its brazier when it hit him: why would White have left a trail?
The torch swooshed as Santana swung it ahead into the dark. Dancing shadows on the walls revealed the tight corridor advanced in a subtle circular fashion while the telltale burn in his calves indicated a gentle incline. Rodents squeaked and scurried somewhere in the blanket of blackness. Scenes from old mummy movies ran through Santana’s head. “Better not be any snakes.” He looked up at the sky that wasn’t there. “At least give me that.”
The passage finally emptied into a dome-shaped room one-hundred feet across. A ring of burning braziers circled the chamber, bathing the walls in a fluid, amber glow. Santana’s eyes fell immediately on the room’s centerpiece. Four columns of strange greenish stone stood watch, towering nearly two stories over the floor. Angular symbols that looked as though they’d been crudely carved with nothing sharper than primitive tools of rock decorated the tall stoneworks. Reflecting pools of still water rested beneath each column.
Santana approached, eyebrows raised at the amazing sculpture before him. The hair on the back of his hand stood on end as he reached for the nearest column. A shriek echoed along the fire-dressed walls. White bolted into the chamber from a darkened entrance at the opposite end, screaming as though he’d looked into the Abyss itself. Santana raised his fists and dropped into his stance, focusing his breath. “Come on, you fucker,” he muttered.
The screaming man blew right by Santana without even acknowledging he was there. He barrelled into the wall face-first by the chamber’s main entrance. White’s nose gave a sickening crunch and the pale-skinned man tottered and collapsed. Blood bubbled from his ruined face, pooling behind his head.
Santana hesitated, then approached. White’s alabaster fingers were wrapped tightly around the survival knife’s handle. Santana stepped on his wrist, securing the limb to the ground. He pressed his fingers into the side of White’s throat. Dead. Santana tilted White’s broken face to the side. “What the hell happened to you?”
Scarlet track marks lanced White’s features from the top of his skull, over the swastika tattoo at his neck and over his heart. The Marine reached to touch one. An abscess welled up beneath a large inflamed line and raced from White’s cheek down into his neck like something crawling just beneath his skin had been startled.
“What the–” Santana said.
A second abscess erupted in the middle of White’s forehead. Santana glanced at the door, then White’s weapon. He pried at White’s fingers but the stubby digits may as well have been set in concrete. “Come on, goddammit.”
Several more roving abscesses raced from White’s skull and disappeared into the side of his neck. Santana stood hastily from the writing mess and drove the heavy heel of his shoe into White’s wrist. On the third stomp, bone snapped and White’s ghostly fingers snapped open. Santana snatched up the knife and then retreated to his dropped torch. White’s body twitched. Santana’s eyes all but burst as White pushed his way back to his feet. Abscesses at his face and arms ruptured to the grotesque sound of sucking mud, spilling an oily green mucus onto the ground.
“Nope. Nope. Not happening,” Santana said. He scooped up the torch and held it towards White’s shambling corpse as though it were a sword. White advanced, feet shuffling, moaning. His neck rippled as though something were trying to claw its way free. There was a tearing sound–
“To hell with this.” Santana flung the torch at White’s bloated feet. The fire roared as it surged up White’s pants, greedily consuming his rotten torso in seconds. A high-pitched death wail came from the unseen terror dying within White’s throat. Charred skin peeled back over burning flesh until finally White collapsed in pile of burning rot.
“Impressive. Most people forget about the torch.”
Heart still pounding, Santana spun to the voice, knife at the ready. His jaw slackened when he located the source of the heavy French accent. “I saw you die.”
LaSalle smiled, flashing a mouth full of gleaming, oversized porcelain. He stroked the length of the arrow spearing his throat. “Oh this?” he said, casually pulling the arrow free. “Not to worry. I’ve had worse..”
The sandy floor crunched as Santana subtly shifted to a more defensive stance. “Last time? What are you talking about, last time? This temple, this whole damn island isn’t even supposed to exist.”
LaSalle’s laugh echoed through the chamber. The well-dressed man adjusted his tie, cinching it tightly in place. “And yet here we both are.” His voice dropped to a mock whisper as he regarded the stone columns. He shielded his mouth with the back of his hand. “I’ll let you in on a little secret… they’ve been bringing people here for years.”
“Who?” Santana replied. His hand instinctively reached to the back of his waist where the Glock should have been.
“You know, I’ve never actually met one of them in person. One of the Others, that is. They come in my dreams. They let me know when they hunger. They tell me which plane to get on and before I know– boom! Here I am again.”
Sweat trickled down Santana’s temple. “Those eyeless fuckers outside? The ugly bastard with the mutilated arm? How the Hell could they bring a plane down?”
Again LaSalle laughed. “No, no, no. Of course not. They’re just the sorry shits who lived here when the Others first arrived.” LaSalle closed his eyes and tilted his head back as though he were basking in the glow of a tropical sun. “They can do things you couldn’t dream of.”
“Like crash planes full of innocent people? And then you do what? Make sure any survivors find their way here? That seems like a really stupid method to secure dinner. What if no one survived the crash?”
“Christ be merciful, they were right. Humans are dense. They know who will survive. The Others aren’t after meat. Hell, they’re not even after our blood despite the centuries of urban legends about bloodthirsty monsters creeping in the shadows,” LaSalle replied, wiggling his fingers as though he were telling a ghost story.
“What then? Can’t be our brain power according to you.” Santana’s hand balled into a fist around the survival knife as the Marine advanced. “What else is there?”
LaSalle snapped his fingers and pointed excitedly at Santana. “Ah, there it is. The Others thrive on consuming the urge for conflict in other beings. That part of the soul that consumes the warrior’s heart when battle is near. The Others drink it up like fine wine. It’s powerful stuff, believe me I know. It’s extended my own lifetime decades beyond what it should have been. It stretches theirs into immortality. They can sense that spirit in certain humans. They use me as an anchor that they may draw them in.” The dark-skinned man paused a moment before continuing. “But there is a price to be paid.”
“A price of what?” Santana asked, barely controlling the rising fury in his voice.
“Why blood for life of course.” LaSalle said, smirking.
Santana assumed a fighting stance. “I’ll see that I get plenty of yours then. Melody’s blood, the blood of the whole flight and God knows how many others, is on your hands. And I’m going to make sure you understand that as you die, you son of a bitch.”
“Ah, my dear Captain Santana, I won’t be doing any fighting today.” LaSalle nodded to an entry way at the chamber’s far side. Mako emerged from the shadowed entrance, striding forward, chest puffed out. Thick, dark blood dripped from the teeth protruding from the length of shark jaw spearing his arm. The bullet wounds at his chest had healed and shrunken to minor scars.
“Sure. Why not? I figured something like this would happen,” Santana said, shrugging his shoulders loose.
LaSalle stepped aside, freeing the floor for the combatants. “The rules are simple, captain. You both fight. One of you dies. The other lives if he survives his injuries. But I want to be clear on a single, most important point: The Others are watching. If they feel as though you’ve not fought to your fullest, they will simply force you to repeat the ordeal.” LaSalle looked down his thin nose for emphasis. “From the plane crash onward.”
Santana considered the entrance to his rear but something told him there was little point in retreating. Nothing about this strange island made any sense. It was as if he were living a nightmare for someone’s viewing pleasure. In that moment, Santana decided to give them their money’s worth.
Mako moved to the center of the space framed by the quartet of runic columns. In the brazier light, blood from the shark’s jaw molded through his arm spattered onto the floor. His lips curled into something resembling a ghoulish smile.
The sight of the demon chilled Santana’s blood. A shiver climbed his spine as though Lady Death herself had softly blown on his skin. He gave up an easy sixty pounds and at least two feet of reach. To win meant getting in close. And striking with brutal efficiency. He would let the beast come to him and then carve out his heart.
Mako circled left, then, with a burst of speed alien to most beings his size, slashed his arm at Santana’s throat. The Marine was well-prepared. Santana ducked the blow and thrust the knife at what should have been a soft spot between Mako’s ribs. The knife deflected harmlessly, nearly throwing Santana off balance. Mako hardly seemed to notice the scratch.
“What the Hell are you?” Santana shouted at Mako. LaSalle’s disembodied voice answered.
“He is the instrument of the Others’ will. Nothing more. Persevere, my good captain, and I assure you you will emerge victorious.”
Santana barely heard LaSalle’s cryptic reply. Instead he changed tactics. He rushed Mako, feinted another slash at his belly, and then sliced at the demon’s eyes. The blade bit into the soft flesh. His roar echoed through the chamber and the knife came away sheathed in blood.
“So you do bleed. Good to know,” Santana said, smiling. He advanced again, dodging a furious backhand and then a savage overhead slash, before cutting into the thick muscles and tendons behind Mako’s left knee. The demon staggered to one knee with a howl. Santana moved in for the kill, but Mako’s deadly arm sliced across the Marine’s abdomen. Santana cried out and teetered backwards. He pressed his free hand to the stinging gash stretching across his stomach as the demon fell.
Santana held his bloodied hand in front of his face. It blurred around the edges, then seemed to separate into three images. An invisible hand squeezed his throat. It took a moment to cut through the panic, but eventually he understood. Poison. The knife clattered on the floor as he clutched at his constricting windpipe.
The room spun and Santana’s legs felt like rubber. The braziers’ light muddied into rings of filthy yellow that raced through his vision like warped halos. He pressed his fists into his eyes.
A man’s voice, heavy with sorrow, whispered. “You left me there. How could you just leave me?”
Santana stumbled, nearly toppling into one of the reflecting pools at the base of a column. “No. It can’t… You can’t… be here. You’re dead.”
When Santana finally pulled his hands away, stinging tears burned his eyes. But he saw him clear as day. Lawson stood not more than five feet away. Still burning. The spectre’s skin was a grotesque mixture of mottled and singed. Its voice deepened into the accusatory as a furious finger was raised. “You sorry piece of shit. You said you would always have my back.”
“This isn’t real,” Santana muttered. Lawson’s once strong features were gone, melted away by the blast of the anti-aircraft missile that tore his UH-1Y Venom from the sky. Lawson had been the only crew member not able to rescued from the wreckage before the auxiliary tank had ruptured.
“You left me in the fire! You left me to burn!”
A chorus of moans rose into a hellish symphony of screams. The acrid scent of the helicopter’s burning bones poured a bitter taste into Santana’s mouth. He jammed his hands over his ears like a child who refused to hear his parents. He shouted at the top of his lungs. “You’re not real!”
The chamber went suddenly still. The ghost of Santana’s deceased crew member and the collage of horrible details of that fateful memory had vanished. Santana’s heart pounded and his lungs ached for breath. Mako’s heavy breathing hissed at Santana’s back, his shadow falling on the Marine like a storm cloud. Santana spun on a heel and drove the survival knife deep into the soft flesh beneath the creature’s jaw, burying it to the hilt. Mako gurgled oily blood through the corners of his sealed mouth, teetered as he clutched at the blade and fell face first into a reflecting pool. His lifeblood stained the pool, clouding the fire-lighted water.
A flash of emerald surged at the center of the four columns, then arced into the quartet like lightning. Applause came from nowhere. “Nicely done, Captain. It has been years, decades probably, since a Mako was felled. You have earned the appreciation and gratitude of the Others. You may rest assured that they will be slumbering easy for some time and that your services will not be required again in the immediate future.”
Santana spun in the chamber, panning for LaSalle. “What do you mean immediate future? You said if I survived than I was free.”
LaSalle’s haunting laugh echoed through the chamber. “My dear, dear captain. I said that if you survived than you would live. We made no such deal regarding your freedom.”
Nausea welled in the pit of Santana’s stomach. He squeezed his hands into fists, ready and willing to pound LaSalle’s skull into sand. “Why don’t you come out so we can make a new deal.”
“Ah, but I’ve already told you captain. I won’t be doing any fighting today,” LaSalle replied.
Pain flared through Santana’s left arm, starting at the fingertips and scorching its way through his elbow. He screamed in agony as inch by inch the layers of skin and meat and bone crumbled to ash and fell away. He fell to his knees, cradling the grievous wound, only vaguely aware of the sound of footsteps behind him.
Several of the hunters entered the chamber and pulled Mako reverently from the reflecting pool. They rolled the creature onto his back and quickly set about preparing the body for the ritual burial. Santana turned and watched in horror as one of the hunters ran a crude stone knife through Mako’s mutilated arm, freeing the shark’s jaw. The eyeless man held the severed limb over his head like a prized trophy. He regarded Santana with a nod.
Realization crushed the breath from Santana’s lungs as the hunters circled him. A pair of muscular brutes held him down while the man with the jawbone impaled the flesh of Santana’s stump with his replacement arm. The Marine struggled against his captors, hurling curses and screaming in anger and pain as the weaponized limb was attached.
A tiny spark of euphoria took hold. Santana thought at first he was going into shock. He fought to block out the searing pain in his arm and keep track of his mind. His name. His home. His final flight. Minutes later the details suddenly seemed less important and he felt the memories floating away. He had a new mission now.
Santana didn’t even flinch as the hunter took the stone knife to his eyes.
Credit: Ghost of Seven Echoes
Copyright © 2017 - Creepypasta.com 
Send this to a friend
